100 words short of the word requirement but I don't care, I'm going to bed. #rebel #ihatehistory
15-year-old boy fighting for his life and another injured after stabbing at London school
1966 was when In Cold Blood scared us, Bruno Sammartino slammed us & John Lennon shocked us :
19 Million Project brings journalists, coders and humanitarians together around the migrant crisis
1D give boring performances it's always the same #MTVStars One Direction
#1DonJonathanRoss i have never laughed so much in an interview ?? H : His face says " shit i've got chlamydia "
#1DonJonathanRoss IVE NEVER LAUGHED SO MUCH IN MY LIFE
2001, #ThisDayInMusic Scott Weiland was arrested after allegedly fighting with his wife at the Hard Rock hotel in Las Vegas
2:07 am here. i'm not sleep yet, so i'm not dream yet. Hahaha
21years old + with no job, no education, and u got a nerve 2 sit in your Gmom basement all day and smoke weed smh fucking shame
23 were killed in a factory in Bangladesh after a boiler exploded and sparked a fire
28. Have you ever been heartbroken? " Way too many times, lost many soldiers
@29_Aurora @genny_ss really sick of people... they hav started saying novak has become for rafa what rafa is for roger... all pointless talks
2 dead after shooting at Tampa hospital
@2phonefarrah thirteen ghosts is the fucking shit ?? ?? ??
2 Qs in your piece on " Terror Gap " Why do U only refer to opposition to infringing 2A rights & not 1/2
@2stepsbeyond In my very negative viewpoint, there's a bad choice, and a worse choice. The worst part is when you can't tell the two apart.
30k dead, maybe they're targeting civilians @hrw :10 bakery attacks in #Aleppo are not (cont )
3,296 days is still not a long enough winning streak. #BeatColonels
3 dead, 4 injured in Nashik accident - The Asian Age #Nashik
4 suicide bombers and 5 civilians dead, ten wounded.
@5SOS_Update it's time for people to let it go and leave it alone, obviously it's not going to end bc of your butt hurt comments
@69Gooner69 @jongaunt if I was of colour I'd be fucking embarrassed of these clowns
6 AM wake up not excited lol
6th hour is so boring ??
75 always packed & that shit irritating
8am class, but I'm still awake.. This is not so good!
@935wichita it needs to be restricted to starting at midnight
@955WPLJradio Gonna cry if I don't get to see @NoDoubt at the @NFL Kickoff #PLJPREGAME
@9GAG 100% rip off 2 useless piece of tech for 160$ fuck you apple i can buy a proper headphone for that price
A 2. 0 student can know more than a 4. 0 student. Grades don't determine intelligence, they test obedience.
A 24-year old Chipotle cook is trying to shake things up at a $40 billion hedge fund
#AAMIR KHAN A man speaks up and they get offended. This really is an intolerant India!
@AaronJFentress to bad he didn't finish his math homework FIVE days earlier... We'd be undefeated! #WTD #GetThatKidACalculator
@ABC AMERICA HILLARY MADE HISTORY ON 911 GETTING $20 MILLION FOR VICTIMS OF 911 AND GOING TO THE PILE WHERE WAS RACE'S TRUMP WITH MELANIA.
@ABC another he said she said argument then #bang mind your own biz people, there's a lot of crazy people out there
@ABC it didn't help his cause to destroy our country that's why
@ABC Pathetic people DESTROY their cause a little more each day!
@ABC @StopStopHillary Tim Kaine had 30 people at his event. The media is lying to us. Nobody wants hillary, they're rigging polls & fixing
@ABC Use the bathroom you were meant to use. Dont make everyone else suffer. Because you dont want your feelings hurt
@ABC When is Wife #3 to be questioned about her 20 years of work in the KGB?
@ABC WHY OH LORD O Y O Y cancer song I wrote for late wife
Abella Danger, Big Butt Teen Ass Fucked to Pay BF Debt
A bitch already be stressed out bout everything don't need nothing too add on
@abolade2de how many matches have u lost to shitty clubs this season?
About 12 days left in #TdCadventure (pending boat delays ). Not a great time to get sick.
A boyfriend should NEVER let his girlfriend go to sleep angry, mad, or sad!
#AceNewsReport - Explosion in Kabul kills two - media : Several people got injured
@AceofSpadesHQ @sallykohn @JohnEkdahl Last week we spent too much time on Muslim violence but now too much time on #whitepeopleproblems
A conflict in your immediate surroundings could demand your un... More for Aquarius
a crazy story of gay rights, women's rights and the outsourcing of babies -
Actions speak louder than words, so believe what you see and forget what you heard.
@ActuallyNPH would you be down to do a small interview for a star wars documentary I'm working on?
Actually shocked how cold and windy it is in Manchester today! #sleet
@AdamLusk11 i do that all the time. no shame... except it's usually not water but like... coffee
add question marks to everything because life is an uncertain nightmare
Adios to the bitches can't get a hug from me
@adore_mish no ?? I gotta n some homework to finish before I go
After 45 minutes of deliberation it has been decided : Idaho is the worst state. @iamhammertime
After 5000 years I see combo this shit
After the second week she be stuffin the turkey with mashed potatoes and shit
@agentmartinelli but i was really intimidated by you on tumblr because you were famous
A girl was arrested for trying to fight AGAINST #Daesh. Apparently fighting for the #PKK makes you a terrorist. Yet PKK fight terrorism.
Ah I wonder Wtf is wrong with my butt today. Itchy.. ????????
Aint got nothing else to do but sit up and worry about another female that could careless about you.
Aint never had this much built up stress shit drive me nuts
A Jewish Teacher stabbed & a muslim woman was attacked But Islam funded Media says - hate crime against muslim'spiral! #FranceUnderAttack
Alarm raised over use of movies to radicalise youth
#ALDUBFixedMarriage All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow
@Alexandtherest people don't understand me lol. They think I'm rude/cutthroat and really sarcastic... I try to explain I'm just British.
@alexhabe must have forgotten my hashtag #sarcasm
@alexromero432 they're too wet there's nothing good about today
@AlexSavageOMFG i had a physics test today... i think i failed
@AlfredBoy65 @Dr__Mufasa I don't have time for high school bull shit.
@AlieMerkey and I lost our snap streak and I'm heartbroken ??
@alispagnola to add insult to injury I made my profile the family dog of the ex whose parents ' account I use
All I do is kill pain, all I do is smoke loud, put you niggas to shame I be rolling all day
All I said was " we should get drunk sometime " to my roommate #challengeaccepted
All I wanna do is be in the ring to release this frustration I have rn
@allkpop : Is there anything Go Jun Hee doesn't look good in? long hair.
All my snaps got deleted ?? stupid android
all niggas do is hurt they bitch sooooooo bitch be single lbs
All of my doubt suddenly goes away... #PSYBilanggo
All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow Oneeee steeeep closeeeer
All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow One step closer #OTWOLDreamLove
All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow. #OTWOLBackslide
All of my home screen widgets on android are stuck at yesterday mid-afternoon. Guess it's reboot time. Stupid android
All of the people who tell me I don't need to be stressed, stress me out the most ??
All the cash that we blow on this weed smoke they say bro it's a shame
All the darkness in the world could not put out the light of a single candle So how the hell could they handle your light?
All the drive in the world swear you still need gas
All the reviews claim all those apps are bullshit though
All these hoes at bdubs because they watch Ronda Rousey highlights. She needs to lose so this bandwagon can stop and I can get a seat.
All these people can't wait for highschool to be over but tbh life just gets more stressful and hard after you graduate ??
All these people that are shocked its cold... do u really need me to explain the word WINTER? ?? #brainiacs
All these people that got in and I'm still fucking not, even during a weekend. I'm so fucking salty right now, suck my dick Blizzard
All this cash we blow on weed smoke bro it's a shame
@A_Lnhrdt I know! And the frustration that they're not willing to change a thing. " They could consider selling the flat to release £350,000 "
Alone in the dark. That's not creepy is it?
A lot of shit happens to me. I just don't talk about it.
A lot of things pissing off today ??
Alot of women expect you to take them serious but meanwhile they got 5 niggas as bestfriends. Gtfoh.
Alot of you is rolling with a crew u think they yo boyz but they careless about you and will stab you in the back sooner or later #truth
Already exhausted from KYA2 and it hasn't even begun... #CANTWAIT
Already feel really sick today and the smell of raw sewage at this time is not helping ??
Also, Duke not off to a great start either. Today could be a bad day.
also the whole idea that you can be a woman/non male person who is bi or ~polysexual ~ and not attracted to men is... lesbophobic logic
@altonbrown, @uncleotter and I couldn't help but wonder what your thoughts on this was.
always doing stupid things and regretting them! really stressed out! totally don't need this right now!
Always happen when a girl tought that she never be a good enough for her boy ??
Always stuck babysitting.. Wtf
@amandakshrum that would never happen dearie
A man diagnosed with Legionnaires ' disease has been left fighting for his life in hospital this article reports.
A man just walked past me, bent down and whispered " slapper " right into my face. Wtf is wrong with people!?
AMB/BFG/026/NG : Nigeria now third most terrorized country in the world – Report : The report says out o... #AmbBFG
@AmberCartello & you didn't think to invite Myles no? I see how it is :(
Amen! Nutella will forever be my weakness ?? ?? ??
American Ruins (Hardcover ): " American Ruins " is the first photography book to document historic ruins throughout
A must read since Obama has denied almost every Syrian Christians request for immigration to US.
@AnaGasteyer Why would I vote for a corrupt felon that failed at everything she has tried to do?  Why keep lying to yourself?
and can my surgeon appointment come faster ffs ??
and #DavidVitter STILL has no shame : I wonder what he'll do next week.
AND he ships me with his girlfriend im so angry
and if you think Statesboro is " dead af " you obviously have no idea what you're talking about.
and I hate this club, man I drink too much.
And i just know that everyine is gonna be annoyed af and everyone is gonna judge and hate me
and I just saw a dead deer with guts splattered all over the freeway... my stomach right now could not handle that
And I'm aware, and I don't care, and I'm aware.
And I need it REAL bad! #LT
And I question why Why did this have to happen Why to them why to me Why do people have to be and act this way why so much HATE and ANGER
And it breaks my heart to see that everything has fallen apart
And I thought I was really sarcastic but.
And meanwhile the government has the oppurtunity to push for nastier, more privacy infringing laws.
And or waking up and then falling back to sleep
@Andrew_Hayes21 it's so dumb. I watch the " scenes from next weeks ep, brought to you by xbox one " and then immediately turn the tv off
And send him soapy shower nudes so he'll leave work early and give you all his attention ??
And shit look at the time i shouldve went to sleep half hour ago smh
And sometimes someone plugs a router in and leaves for the weekend not knowing they created a resource conflict w the main network drive.
And that will never happen. So we can forget all that.
And their TV and Films are in separate universe which is dumb to me
And then Aquarius season is the most boring time in America so it gives me nothing to do but think about the year ahead
And then they wonder why they kill your asses! #Humanity #whitepeopleproblems
And the other skin color gone drown ya kids in the bath tub and age in dog years
And you're thinking of moving to Florida? it's terribly hot down here... it's still summer down here. x. x
@andyy_20 shame on u come by today and smoke this weed ??
An epidemic decline in youth work ethic and soft skills has caused a severe turn over rate in entry level jobs for students.
A new ban could make 1 million American households smoke-free — via @CSMonitor
Angry Ex -girlfriend Text FAILS
Angry ex girlfriend " @X_2_Zee : Wtf is wrong with Charlie? #Isidingo "
.. An hour later I finally put this piercing back in y 'kno just a couple blood here n there no biggs.
ANIMALS HATE ME
Annoyed as fuck
Another Bush slobbering for a failed " shock and awe " in Syria. Shocker #p2 #tcot
Another day, another failed physics exam
Any bitch before me ?? Any bitch after me ?? Any bitch you texting ?? Any bitch at all ??
Anyone else think this proposer's speech is really sarcastic and #sassy?
Anyways, he told me to go home first cuz he might finish late... Boring.
apink's long hair also needs to return from the war
Apparently there is a Santa Claus Parade IN NOVEMBER and my bus is full of children. I forgot to mention i hate other peoples children.
Apparently u dont want to talk to me
@aptaim @DullPharmacist I am shocked you think a pharmacy technician could be so cold and calculating
@AP This is total nonsense. Your attempt to feed this crap to the American public is comical.
@AP why don't you show the people being attacked by dogs
A quick swipe with a sharp edge, you cut me apart and left me for dead... No wonder they call you razor blades
@arabianofelix and then comments on butt hurts and fanboys. @IraqiSecurity
Aramide performs " I don't care " on the #R2TVBreakfastShow via @YouTube
A rare pic of Donald with Varsity Soccer. He went on to apprentice with to Dad Fred to learn the ropes and WORD HARD
Are guys really intimidated by women that make more money than them?
Areli is the type of person to be really sarcastic with a 3 year old
Are people actually afraid to double text? I will send 16 messages in a row and feel no shame whatsoever idk
Are u kidding... U now need a license to braid hair... Amazing... How dumb is the government? People have
Are we there yet? Ice cubes in a bong Rip, brain dead, take a tug and then pass
Are you having a bad day and need someone to talk to? Get in touch with someone who knows what you're going through
Are you shitting me? Not true! A huge expansion of Medicaid is not free market capitalism. That's socialism.
Are You Too Busy? Five Signs of Chronic Stress #health #wellness #business #culture #stress
are you trying to fool me with those bullshits over there
Arguing with an idiot is one of the most frustrating things ever.
arrested at gun point for fighting? #ftp
Arrests after'sporadic fighting ' at Ballymena v Coleraine match at showgrounds : Two people have been arrested
arrgghh my feet r killing me school uniform done new school shoes check coat bag lunch box bed early for me i think @aaronoregan1
As a child I did childish things but as a woman I learned to put childish this aside " who I'm foolin I'm still going to be petty ?? ?? ??
As a kid, I was terrified of ear wigs because I thought they came out of your ears. Imagine how scared I was when I heard about cockroaches!
As bad as school busses are mine always cracks out the off banger #Rotterdam #OneLove
A Set up for the kill, you are.
Asher isn't built for goon life #HTGAWM breathing all hard and shit
Asher was never built. Could you imagine if he was around for all the other shit that when down.
@ashleey_lo sorry I don't sleep with people who are in relationships, unless it's a threeway, but I'll let you braid my hair though ??
As much as I hate to say it, the lakers need to watch the 30 for 30 with Kobe about Jimmy Johnson trading Herschel Walker for draft picks.
As much as I miss my long hair I'm fuckin killin it with my hair this short
as much as you may dislike your teacher its so sick to make a hate account on insta cyberbully him. grow up & find something else to do
Associates shocked at Westerly man's murder charge in cold case -
As soon as you begin to think people can change, they bring back their old bullshit
A stranger's eyes that somehow look familiar I know that when it's you, I'll remember Remember So wait for me ; I swear I'll find you
A stressful situation at work may activate old memories of pas... More for Aries
@Astroplus1 Wala po bang " How did we end up here? "? #MTVStars 5 Seconds Of Summer
A subtle bust risky jump trick on fathom that I just found out about
As you can tell I'm really sarcastic oops
At conversation w doing journalism under threat
Ate a pot of ?? all by myself no shame
Ate such a bomb breakfast today, it's lunch time & I'm still not hungry ?? sheeeshh
A third of the adult population in the South West drink too much alcohol, a study reveals but 2 out of 3 don't so why not highlight that?
A thousand years RT @1DKryptonitex : #TJL3 "... All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow... " Clue : breakingdawn.
@ATLbecky I'm heartbroken for him, for his family, his friends... absolutely terrible news. Of course they're devastated. :( Poor guys.
At least Baek and Minseok can release that frustration but I can't LOL
At least I get to spend this shitty lookin day at work
@atl_zack a bunch of us at work are wearing ours... However this jersey is on my nerves so I may change.
At Magfest jake will drink too much with Frisk. Then they will deny anything happened.
At school can't wait to play tonight
attempt 2 at sleep goodnight I'm sorry I've been shit
Attention seeking sluts unfollow
@At_yo_Cervix my phone off :(
A University of Reading study has found that overly high parental expectations has a negative impact on children who perform worse in exams.
@AustinMahone So bored never call to my phone :( and yours?
Australia lose to Ireland in 2015 international rules
#Australia #News ; The high school physics question that shocked everyone. READ MORE ;
avast stop scaring me when a scan is completed
@AvrilLavigne killed it with her last album but I find it a little bit weird that she stopped after that and deleted her last music video
Awe @dustinlynch put my face on his shirt for our photo shoot #hownice #whattaguy #heydolly ??
Aw I do miss that person I guess, but I'm not gonna tell them bc it's not right to go back
@Awkwerdly I've woken up with sore knuckles when there was no fight. Hahaa that's the worst.
A woman was arrested after fighting for her right to Denny's all-you -can -eat pancakes -
A woman without a man is like a fish without a #barbecue.
@AyoDame_ smh nobody got time to be outside and shit Lls
Ayo @HillaryClinton answering that Wall Street donor question with 9/11 was wild shitty so you've lost my vote! #FeelTheBern
@ayyyjennamae @chilloutpunk it's a shame you can't smoke in your own room #windowsopen
B12 injections aren't fun ??
Back in Montinita Ecuador for the one and only can't wait to play tonight! Catch me along side
back in this bitch & i'm back on my shit man they tell me be humble i'm cocky as hell
@badfae @LisaMcIntire Oh nm. Stupid android Twitter App wouldn't show me what you were replying to. Was confused til I went to my PC.
Bad fucking morning everything just going wrong wtf
Bae made my day today. Showed up with roses after me having a bad day ??
Bahahahahaha Paul Murphy in being a total hypocrite shocker
Bah - no awkward shot of McDonnell and Osborne side by side on the sofa. I delayed breakfast for that. #Marr
Bam choosing High Point Christian when he could have gone to a bigger name school isn't a good example for why he picked UK over NCSU
Banana muffins with Nutella are my weakness
Band member : People hid in dressing room during Paris attack
B. A. P are untalented and they don't care about their fans
@BarackObama answer me personally on this. You have no manliness about you. You run from the media that ask questions and ignore the rest
@BarackObama But as we know, the blame must be put on Bush Administration who had manipulated by lying to American people
@BarackObama I'm not even in America but Id rather @realDonaldTrump is elected than @HillaryClinton even though I hated him before #shocking
@BarackObama Mr President when you rejected KEYSTONE You knew Dakota Access Pipeline was to be built #NoDAPL
@BarackObama @NDGovDalrymple You were elected to serve the people. You are failing & the whole world is watching
@BarackObama  the thing Trump don't like about Obamacare is its name, if Trump repeals it,he will put his name on it it still be same thing
@BarackObama you screw Seniors and Veterans now all of us by using our Tax $$ to campaign for Benghazi Bitch @HillaryClinton. You both SUCK
@barnabychambers mr chambers I can't explain how honoured I am to have u following! I've been away.. Soo haven't been around.. Wbu?
BBC Host Was " Forced To Leave " After Interview With Anti -Gay Group via
@BBCNews I'm getting push notifications of breaking news in weird language. Do put viruses in our phones.
@BBCPolitics @BBCNews this gov is clueless about how to deal with brexit. Country was dumb to leave, only brought uncertainty.
@BBCPolitics Mental health patients know they get away with physically assaulting staff or others that why they do it Coz they're allowed to
@BBCWorld He is just not good for every one in the world I think
@bcbluecon We fail to see why we can't bring King Tides under control the same as world weather. Given enough tax dollars we are omnipotent
Bc I have no one in my life but my cat
Been a long crazy week... looking forward to some @washcaps hockey and @SMUBasketball tonight!
been a shitty week so this weekend is probably gonna suck too hahahh
Been dreaming of her all of my life, but she won't come true, she's just my nightmare I woke up to
Been havin a shitty day bro
Been hearing banging for the past half hour thinking its wind, turns out there's something kicking off near mine and I'm too scared to sleep
been in a shitty mood all day
Been off the grid all day. It's an understatement to say that BOTH Penn St. and Ohio St. losing made Christmas come damn early this year.
been swervin shitty people since day 1
Before I die I neeeed to see in concert #onelove
@beIledejour I'm so sorry you had to go through all that. Muslim Twitter is a very cold place. Judgemental AF! I'm still shocked it happened
Being forced to room with mother Teresa! Yeayy!. #dontlikeyou
Being normal is boring I'm beyond of that I'm fangirl mostly normal people no idea what's that means.
Believe it or not, I'm actually a really sarcastic person
@bellathorne 100% can't tell if this hat is drawn on or not someone help me
@BernieSanders @BostonGlobe As long as it's anyone but you Bernie. You are out of touch with my generation and are therefore useless.
@BernieSanders "I will never tell you how to vote. if i do, DONT LISTEN TO ME." Bernie Sanders. Bernie is only doing this because its forced
@BernieSanders oh piss off it so t affect any of us and everything's going to shit anyways
Bernie Sanders says his democratic socialism " builds on (FDR's fight for ) economic rights for all Americans. "
@BernieSanders - women don't earn 79cents on the $ dumbass. You see, if you'd actually had a job before your 40's you'd understand economics
#BestMovieQuotes. I will look for you, I will find you, I will kill you.
#bestmoviequotes'The first rule of Fight Club, don't talk about Fight Club ' - Self -explanatory?!
@BetaWolf_Chloe She's heartbroken because you give her the serum. She's lost because she's in our world without you. I heard her asking +
Beyond exhausted is such an understatement right now ??
Beyond stressed I don't need this right now
@beyspurpose this is really sick, don't joke about this kind of stuff
Bianca told me that my hair growin wild son! We need to go get that cut, I said I know mama.
@BibleGirl666 wtf is wrong with her neck and lips
Big banks need to come up with $1. 2 trillion to avoid triggering another financial crisis
Bigg Boss makes an announcement today which brings to life the worst nightmare for the housemates. What could it
@Big_mike_bruh sorry man I don't think I can, I have work in the morning and I have to finish some homework
@billclinton when you were interviewed by Neil deGrasse Tyson and you said the Pentagon was bombed was that a mistake or a Freudian slip?
@billclinton Why do you always have the exact same facial expression as my very confused grandfather with Alzheimer's....
@billmaher do you think there is a way to revamp our society/world before it is to late? Is there a person who will is standing up to fight?
@BipashaKhan : Sex is so disgusting! " procreation
Birthday tomorrow and have no clue what to do and who to spend it with. #NoFamily #AnotherYearAlready #Sneaky #HomeworkDay #StudentLife #fb
Bitches be fronting they moooooooove ?? ?? ??
Bitches have no shame ?? ?? ??
?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? bitch gonna get a slap... ??
Bitch I don't even do my home work during the week how you expect me to do some shut on the weekend. ?? fuck outta here
BITCH I THINK IM THAT NIGGA
bitch & TINA can careless about you.. ??
bitch what am I?
Black Friday can fecking do one! Gonna be another year where people get arrested by fighting over a cheap TV. Sort your heads out people.
Black girls can be so fucking rude #no #yougetoutofthefuckingway
Blaming me for shit, you can fuck right off ????????
Blocked me because she could not handle the truth :'D
Block That Ass So You Know Its Real ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
Bloody chuffed with todays purchases.
bloody liars too, said they follow you if you have the banter
@BluAmethyst these gods weren't worshipped in the way wet understand religion today. I am agnostic atheist tho
Bomb Explosion Kills Couple Having Sex In A Car
Bon Iver - " I Can't Make You Love Me "
Bored is a understatement
boys suck focus on school & get ya money up bby girl
Boy you can call my phone at 4 in the morning, boy you can ride shot gun everytime I'm rolling
Brain says he won't be making anymore transfers :( #exciting
#breaking #news : Glenn's fate revealed on 'Walking Dead ': It's been a long few weeks for fans of " The Walking
BREAKING NEWS : Investigation is ongoing on a fire that claimed 4 Tuesday night. Preliminary investigation shows it was intentionally set.
Breaking the Cycle of #Stress #Related #Problems with Online Stress Management Classes at
@breannadache bitch... so then you just braid your hair down and leave a teensie bit of your hair out in the front to blend?
@Brentd86 @coasterchitchat Shocker. Were the ops trying to get it dueling? They tried to get the second half of my ride to duel, but failed.
@BrentRivera IKR I can't wait I'm so tired of school
@brianmontiel Could you explain how you think " slut " any more dehumanizing than mocking guys for not being able to get laid?
@bricktotaldrama why am I forbidden to follow you?
@britneyspears " Oh Shit " was just my response to this photo!!! #HotToBoot
@britneyspears still waiting on the day when I log in & scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list
BRUH HE JUST SLAPPIN THE SHIT OUT OF EVERYONE LMAOOOO
BRUH IM SO DEAD ?? ?? ??
Bruh im tired of hair i need a trim and somebody to braid me cornrows.
bruuuuuuuuuh the epitome of black mothers right here. Lmfaoo " And Guess what? You finna get a Mf ass whoopin "
@bryanglenn24 No sir I have not. He does a good enough job scaring himself on his own. #GoGreen
@Built_Ford_Tuff shit why not that means I got people following the movement ?
Bullshits always ganna be bullshit
Bullshit you a mfn lie, you built on hoe shit.
@burlivesleftnut @Chellie2shoes @falconvein I'm supposed to be watching a tv show right now so I can't respond to ur dumb videos
Bus explosion kills 13 Presidential Guards - Caught Offside
@businessinsider @Bourdain I eat fish any day of the week. What a stupid comment
#business Japan's industrial output resumes slide, sinking 1. 2 percent, amid weak global... - Washington Post #news
Busy morning dealing with two offenders who were arrested after fighting on Hanley town centre. Both charged & bailed to stay out of town.
Busy night in work... Sheesh! Bed now then #HappyBirthday to our BabyK! (Gotta stop callin her that... She starts school next week! ) :(
But can beat them hands down in Dumb Charades. RT @Outlookindia Can't Get Into Slanging Match With Political Leaders : PM
But how many people would rather see former CIA Director J. Woolsey hanged by the neck until he's dead? #justsaying
But is this subtle deceit by Western arms dealers or stupidity of Govts who are swayed by them?
but it is seriously hot down here were probs gonna get 40 *C this weekend :(
But it's not like I wanted to skip, I hate missing class
but my attitude savage is shit
But seriously you should all go to sleep ?? X
But they hardly get proper controversial on this show. But let's see sha.
Butt hurt gamers are crying in the comments cuz no bo2 for the rc.. ??
But watching you stand alone, all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow.
But watching you stand alone All of my doubt Suddenly goes away somehow One step closer A Thousand Years #OTWOLTheProposal
But we know this could never happen... lol! #GoBlue
cailiin asked : i've been following you for less than a day and you're already second in my tumblr crushes at
@CALAHj_fOO was being a downer this morning. I text her morning she told me to suck her penis :(
Calling me a chimpanzee bitch where?
Calling One Direction 'rock ' is an insult + an absolute travesty on the part of your publication @RollingStone
@CalvinHarris Still waiting on the day when I log in & scream my lungs out seeing ur profile saying " Follows you " ?
@camerondallas how is it you're birthday it's the 7th I thought it was tomorrow?? Unless I confused it with someone else
@camerondallas i am still at school, wait for me i'll be back at 2pm and i will cook for ya. miss you already boy x
@camerondallas When you are in math class and you have no clue what the teacher is saying
@camilacabello97 @ShawnMendes When does this video come out? I cant listen to the song, stupid android phone #IKWYDLSAtMidnight
Canada mosque intentionally set on fire
@CanadianBankin stuck in the past I guess
Can @LaurissaMae & @shaniakay32 wake up already, I'm tired of just laying in the dark ??
Cannot wait to get the hell out of high school.
Can't believe I drink too much, club too much at an early age bt no regrets, atleast when I grow older, I'm aware of all these shits.
Can't even go to class today So Devastated
Can't join the party until I finish my homework
Cant wait for a nice cold this eve ?
Cant wait for sunny deol #Ghayalonceagain
can't wait for thanksgiving break ?? im tired of school.
Can't wait for thanksgiving break. School is stressing me
Can't wait for the fight to start #boxing #Exited #CantWait
Can't wait till I get home so I can take a shower and crash ??
Can't wait till I get rid of this stupid android and have an iPhone again
Can't wait to babysit this weekend I've missed them ??
Can't wait to get home ?? why is time going so slow ffs
Can't wait to get out the shocking general and into the oaks at 1
can't wait to graduate high school wasn't fun
Cant wait to hit the gym later. Got alot of frustration to release
can't wait to play tonight
Can't wait to play tonight after work ????????
Can't wait to play tonight! Debuting " The Black Mambas " ??
can't wait to play tonight! #perthwinterfest
can't wait to play tonight with and! gunna be outrageous #GlobalDanceFestival
Can't wait to play tonight with the squad! #BLCHoops
can't wait to recover from this bad cough.
Can't wait to see my son's face this weekend when we pull up to the Lego convention, he will be clueless #legoheads
Can't you get here any faster? Come and fight me, I'm the master!
Can we talk about this abortion Liv & Fitz. Not this I love you, no I love you more argument
Can y'all pronounce this shit? It says disodium, dihydrogen, ethyleneuhhhwhatthefuck " IM CRYING ??
Can You Actually Pass An Anxiety Screening Test?
can you see them cutting Demario? Probably not right?
Can you stop snapping me?
Carter : " I made a friggen mess " I really need to watch what I say ?? ??
Catching them... i dnt giv a fuck if u do, i do too jst dnt fucken get caught ??????
Cause I'm so tied of seeing these tuff ass diaper booties y'all terrible.
Cause I really don't care.
Cause I would just HATE to violate the dress code again.
Cause my body so numb, all I do is kill pain. All I do is smoke loud, put them to shame.
@CBCRadioNoon To those who would shame we non helmet wearers I say : " Spend your time shaming those who smoke cigarettes ".
@CBSNews A humble suggestion 4 Americans. DO WHAT POLICE ASK YOU TO DO. IF YOU HAVE A GUN LET THEM KNOW. DON'T TOUCH THE GUN. Simple right?
@CBSNews Between her reckless email behavior and that crooked foundation, even if elected, her problems are just beginning. Totally corrupt
@CBSNews did you bother to say that is a lie or are you too afraid to fact check?
@CBSNews @mike_pence @realDonaldTrump It will be the first time in over a year. Trump has become famous for his lies.
@Cece_Flowers98 @lynerzzz my name means full of life smh
changed the pitch and I'm... dead ??
@ChantelleeN__ i ain't about that short relationship embarrassment life
Chaps, I hate to be the one to break the news, but I am not sure we can get away with this anymore
Chat shit get banged
@chelseahandler cancer song I wrote for late wife Why Oh Lord O Y O Y
@chelseahandler I think it has to do with the building staying the same temperature but then the air outside is cooler. Nerd Tweet of the
Chemistry is not fun! ?? ??
Choose a wrong person and at a wrong time, will be a big nightmare in our life
@chrissyteigen @DishNation worthless whore is still a worthless whore & will never amount to anything without him
Chucking a sickie when u & the daughter r sick only a bit sick backfired. Now we r really sick #nodrpass
cigarette break @RAIDERS when yall willing to pay me millions just to suck hit me up fam
@cjrobbinss sadly babe I can only afford Monday ?? just think two more sleeps and we can drink too much vodka xxx
Cleaning my room & I found all 3 of my mac lipsticks I thought I lost forever ??
Closing mosques and keeping lists of Muslims would never pass a court test, but saying it sends a dangerous message.
@CNN Am I the only one who couldn't care less about Hillary's e-mails? Would she really be saying incriminating stuff through email?
@cnnbrk Bring out the fire trucks and hoes those protesters down they have no right to block a road
@cnnbrk I wasn't there and if you knew how technology really can be manipulated then don't comment. Bet it wouldn't have taken this long
@cnnbrk Too little, too late, too insincere. Your real feelings were on display when you said it.
@cnnbrk what the hell is wrong with some of you? "Ew, wtf", "but why use that picture".. MAYBE that's all the pictures they have access to?
@CNN CNN is working to advance Hillary! They are biased!
@CNN @CNNOriginals Unless they decide to up kids in same profession in my view it is horrible choice of profession legalizing it is wrong
@CNN Destroy another white guy #christinebrennan is an ugly woman. Inside and out. #feministsareugly
@CNN Hold up they don't love you like I love you slow down they don't you like I love you.
@CNN is notorious for staging bullshit! Y'all have been caught lying probably more then all the other media companies out here put together.
@CNN is that why she is repeatedly lying to the American people. What a hypocrite. She would not know the truth if it slapped her face
@cnni the movement that helped destroy the black family from within
@CNN @NAACP but there was no problem when the same election system that voted in our first blk President twice
@CNNPolitics @cnnbrk Guess she's planning World War III because WWII WAS the Biggest Jobs Program of that time period.
@CNNPolitics @cnn Has Trump found a way to blame Hillary yet? He seems to know all about it, kinda suspicious if you ask me.
@CNNPolitics CNN promting lies and hate - no wonder the country is in ruins - the media is running it.
@CNNPolitics Damn right. Why do we have to take the trouble makers too? We have our own problems here. We don't need others.
@CNNPolitics He should - this is very much an issue in the American black community! I take NO OFFENSE so stop characterizing it as such!
@CNNPolitics @HillaryClinton Marco Rubio is a two face after all the crap he talks about trump now they are buddies
@CNNPolitics I think no, for what! he is not fixing any thing in there! JA.
@CNNPolitics #LOL nobody kept a copy of those #emails 4 her? #CrookedHillary 4get what w/ in the emails she destroyed? Should of kept the HD
@CNNPolitics @LoriSums So @HillaryClinton wants the input from a bunch of morons? Shut up @timkaine until the election is over!
@CNNPolitics @MSNBC needs to find more info on @realDonaldTrump taxes. He hasn't paid any taxes since 2000. He's hiding a lot. Why audit?
@CNNPolitics @POTUS Too bad he did not give a better example. He has been delusional about his accomplishments, manipulative and misleading
@CNNPolitics Question should be raised is 'what took so long for this email to be disclosed?' Judicial Watch had to go to court for it. WTF!
@CNNPolitics the only way Obama would have a legacy is if he did not support a crook like Hillary
@CNNPolitics The problem is their schools are sub par run by people that chase after their own betterment not those of the schools
@CNNPolitics This idiot flip flops on all his so called issues. WISHY WASHY. And he makes no sense at all. HE IS A LOSER.
@CNN she said she'd do it as senator... and didn't. She full of more lies.
@CNN so I'm confused @DonaldJTrumpJr if the hot mic talk was reality then why would ur pig dad call it just locker rm talk? Which is it?
@CNN that beta male needs to shut the fuck up
@CNN The Clinton news network is emotionally upset HC health issues " BrainDamage " are being discussed but had no problem when JMcCains was!
@CNN this along with the utter lack of originality is why I never cared for country music - redneck - time to replace him on the voice
@CNN what nerve Donald Trump has calling Pennsylvania cheaters! I wouldn't vote for him once never mind five times! Is he paying for votes?
@cnn why would you have that fraud who for yrs. tried to pass herself off as black as a panelist? She has no credibility!
@coco_SWAG_69 suck her dick already
@colbertlateshow @elijahwood Hint: If you wouldn't want to see it hanging on your bathroom wall for fifty years don't get it as a tattoo.
Cold As Shit Waitin Onna Bus
College gets my mind away from more stressful things in life, such as Arsenal! #afc #arsenal #coyg
Colorado is really bad at Geography (at Pikes Peak )
Come home to no food
come with me you yiffy piece of shit
Coming to the playground he paused and walked closer to see Kira in the middle of a crowd full of children. He'd be lying
Condi authorized torture. Not rational either. RT : @bongopondit : Wrt to the last question, just remembered Condi Rice. Anyone else?
@_Confessor so it was an even bigger shock. i just didn't want to change again before i shower & get my pjs on.
@Connor_Reason 12 I've not actually done any the missions just built my shit up lost my power armour found more and duped a lot of stuff
Convention hasn't even started yet and I low-key can't wait till it's over. So drained
@CopywRitteniSh tomorrow is gonna be my last day to rest before Monday hits. Then I'ma die all week at work.
Correction. In the low lighting of these fields I missed it. Ally in LF.
Couldn't be happier that I don't do a creative option, could not handle the amount of work they have to do
Crack is contagious?
Crappy cold doctors office hot cocoa #bae #sarcasm
@CrashWeeknd I'm sorry it just happened that way
@craycrayally @meetmeatdeebar @marriedaussie @bertha_mcgertha @4Wannabes There's no way I'd ride a scooter in Jax. The traffic is a
@Crazy4SidNi chandu ur scaring me ??
Crazy how fast things can change.. #memories
Crazy to think that my career is over man
Creepy af that you've been hacked ??. It's not right that they're going through your personal shit
@Cristiano   The awkward moment when @petercrouch 's tweet taking this piss out of this gets more retweets and likes...
Crying bc I just failed my physics test & now I've gotta go fail my calc test, go me
Cry Me A River PARA LOS KUMPAS! U Dont have TO SAY WHAT U Did, I ALREADY KNOW! NOW is Ur turn TO CRY! ?? ?? ?? ??
Crystal Palace or even Watford on their day (free flowing football ) could inflict same torture to this poorly managed Madrid side. Pathetic.
Curiosity is going to broadcast a song on Mars? ARE YOU TRYING TO PROVOKE THEM OR WHAT, NASA?
Currently 37 degrees & my AC is blasting... wtf is wrong with my family?
Currently laying in the dark bc no tv ??
Currently sitting in the parking garage with @19_katherine_ jamming to Adeles new album, no shame
currently stressing about things that don't need to be stressed about
cuz my body so numb all i do is kill pain all i do is smoke loud put you niggas to shame
Cuz my phone was going dead & i cant charge it in 4th period
@cwillardsmoot about Doctrines on Racism, can i be given data about these facts? #CULT
Cycling in the dark and rain is a little less shitty and a bit more cyberpunk-y with this in your ears
Cynical me sees the Trinity -Spadina riding being mostly left alone despite pop. growth because splitting it wouldn't help the CPC. #CDNPoli
Daaaaamn, in Pasadena its raining SO FUCKING hard! Some crazy shit
@DaddyTacoPimp smoking weed is not cool anymore doee only not popular kids do it now... -.
@dadpenis @locj_ i hate bullies stop picking on me you bitch
@DailyMailUK Civil Servants are not employed to be either Europhile or Sceptic but only to do the will of the PEOPLE expressed through Govt
@DailyMailUK just read about ccjs. Since 2011 county courts have NO power due to halsbury law 2011
@DailyMirror Unfortunately due to tight laws and requirements, you can't just adopt a child. Yet you can have your own regardless.
Daily Update - Syria Crisis Roundtable Event - 2 December HoC
@dallonpeaks nah finish your homework faster
Dam I hate wen I get sick ??
Damn, a woman can't even speak about her own personal experiences as a woman w/ a vagina without SJ twitter bashing her
damn chell what an uncomfortable looking sleep position
Damn, I forgot to charge my phone last hour ??
Damn shame how I must smoke
Dang, I also just remembered, I have bills to pay
@DanHicken Maybe y'all can figure out why Gus won't give our best RB the ball near the goal line. #freeyeldon
@DanielLeask_ that's not even a good roast
@DARKLARRlE emma there has been unexpected conflict
Date a darkskin nigga with tattoos cause that obviously mean he got money to waste ?? ?? ??
Date someone you can be fucking weird as hell with, and at the end of the day still wants to get naked with you.
Daven Blade looked at the giant gun in his hands and felt shocked. He walked over to the window and reflected on his cold surroundings.
@david_merino13 @Alereno2 yea oh shit wait I forgot you guys don't have school Like 9
Dawg this nigga is either late or always packed smh
day is shitty already
@DCComics y'all ever think about getting Danny Phantom as a property? I'd buy the hell out of that comic.
@ddlovato if you knew how many people died from this disease you and your fucking mom wouldn't being joking about it. RIDICULOUS
Dead Air Ep 35 - Thirteen Ghosts on #SoundCloud
DEAD JUSTIN HAS THE #1 and #2 SINGLES IN THE UK
@deefizzy ur hair is offensively long
Definelty failed the physics test
@deggie2 Zionists are worse in Israel plus the added menace is that they control the media, so they don't ever receive any negative backlash
@Delo_Taylor @AnonLove253FTP Take the open carry Ammosexuals too give these tuff guys some real combat experience ??????
@deluxeabel the dutch language is also really sarcastic
@Democracy4Can It will get worse. More of your $ going to fund retirement of PS. Read Pension Ponzi
devin just called me honey bunches and i never laughed so much
@Dhenriquezzz_ KEEP WATCHING IT I SWEAR IT MAKES SENSE @ THE END ??
Did I drink too much? Am I losing touch? Did I build this ship to wreck?
Didn't even know your name ?? ?? stop foolin
Did the Meet the Press roundtable just all collectively ignore the fingerprints of the Paris attacker that came through Greece? Really?
@Digital_Husky I don't normally show my frustration, or anger. When I go to release it, it's either through boffer fighting, or when I'm
@dinelaaak I hate it tho I feel so sick now ?? ??
Dirt under your finger nails has to be the most disgusting looking thing ever
Disadvantages ng dancer &athlete = so much body pain
disappointed is an understatement ??
Disasters are our Business and Veterans are our
Disgusted with @SHGroupUK & @RobertHeathHeat no heating/hot water FOR 9 MONTHS! They don't care about their customers.
Dis is Nigeria where loosing a phone is more painful than loosing VIRGINITY.
Disrespectful ass men I swear
@dlb703, you know this pic is not of her, don't you? This pic is of the girl in Thirteen Ghosts. Didn't know Janet had been dead so long.
Dobby I'm already stressed out enough as it is. I don't need that kinda stress in my life too
Does everyone else's stupid android auto correct change words like'then ' for'them ' and 'our ' for 'out '? Skynet driving me to suicide
Does it sting? Can you feel my hate my anger blistering at you? Inflamed and furious that not even the Herculean
Does Sexual Slavery have " Nothing to do with Islam "? @UzayB sheds light on #ISIS #BokoHaram + Girl 'grooming ' in UK.
@dogrunes No i mean the issues where the game literally could not handle past " High " default settings
do I drink too much tea the answer is no
Do I have time for your bullshit? no no no no no no \_ no no no no no no
@Dolphin_Project watching this last bit has done me in devastated #tweet4thaiji
DOMS are the worst, but why do we get them? Find out more here -
Donald Trump on Oreos no longer being made in America : " You don't have to go to high school to know it's not good. "
DO NOT expect a " Bless You " after your 3rd sneeze. Get that shit under control
Don't be posting about what a shitty day you're having, I just lost my damn straw in a Capri Sun!
dont care about the same shit i used to
Don't Care What Happens To Your Boarding Pass After Flyin
Don't clean out your pantry for a food drive. Think Before You Give #charity #hungry #food
Don't do this shit on thanksgiving
Don't hit me up to be boring while we talk.
don't judge my spelling, I got home from a shit day at school and now its late at night.
Don't need to compare your stressed with mine
Don't presume to lecture me when I fought for gay and women's rights in the 80s + 90s when it mattered and it was about equality
dont talk to me if you're a fucking piece of shit
Don't tell me you don't care.
Don't think I've ever felt this hurt in my life.
Don't trust too much. Don't love too much. Don't hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
Don't try to understand women. Women understand women and they hate each other.
Don't turn into who hurt you
Don't u just love it when the north parking lot is always packed and the person in charge won't let you change lots. Fuck Mentor High man.
Don't u just love long bus rides?:);)
Don't use this attack to defend multiculturalism. We don't want to carry on as 2nd class citizens in our own country
don't wanna eat sleep drink do ANYTHING but doing nothing hurts?!?!?!?! HELP ME
Don't you fucking dare try to argue that there is ever a reason to be a shit boyfriend. If you don't care for your girl leave her. Simple.
Don't you just love waking up early
Don't you just love when someone bullshits you
Don't you love it? #not
Don't you love waking up to cat poop on your bed? ????
Do people that believe in reincarnation not say yolo? #deepthought
@Dory people get mad at Dory bc she steals tweets but half of em do the same thing ?? ??
Do some people ever stop going on, you're boring ?? ??
Doubt if I pass this test ??
do u ever feel people staring at u and then you suddenly forget how to walk
do u ever feel so ugly all u wanna do is go home
do u ever get a message and don't reply bc you know u don't have any chill & if u do reply, u may be liable to hurt someone's feelings?
do u ever have the urge to tell someone to shut the fuck up even when they arent talking
do u ever just get a vibe that someone has a crush on u & then ur not sure if they actually do or if ur just really really self-absorbed
Do U ever just wanna rant and be really sarcastic end then realise if you tweet it you'll offend literally everyone and start drama
do u ever lose ur phone in ur blankets & spend 5 minutes searching & then u end up having to take all the blankets off and U JUST GET SO MAD
do u ever miss someone and then you think fuck that because they probably aren't even thinking about you
do u ever wonder how many girls have screenshot your shit and put it in a group message and just completely slaughtered you
@DougStanhope don't make light of such a heavy, heavy topic. NOW will fuck your ass up. Crazy bitches who lift weights.
Do you believe in life after TaB? Joke's on you, TaB will be around long after you're dead. #TaBSlogan2016
do you ever feel physically sick because you know you're not good enough for anybody and you can't do anything right and you're too tired
Do you ever just rub your eyes so hard that you just start entering some other fucking galaxy of swirls and patterns.
do you ever just sit in a group of people and know that you don't matter
do you ever just sit there and think " why am I not rich "
Do you ever just wanna grab someone by the shoulders, look them deep in the eyes and whisper, " no one gives a fuck "?
do you ever think about shit you did in the past and just go why the fuck did nobody punch me in the face
Do you know how much it hurts when you come home from a long day and there's no food at home
do you regret loosing your virginity to the person you lost it toooo?
Do you remember telling Michael Savage that you listen to his racist trash all the time?
Do your parents know that you've fucked up your life real bad?
@Drake @AppleMusic ima find this illegally somewhere and link everybody no worries
Drake still hasn't made anything better than fear, closer or say what's real... I don't know if he can
@Drake your opening act is sucking right now bro... I'm here and he's missing every note and the music isn't even good... #notimpressed
Dreamed I had kids they'd all drown or get eaten by giant plants
Dressing up as a tree and standing in the forest and scaring joggers that run by... #YOLO
@_DrinaG too bad, you gotta come see your bestfriend.
drink bleach I hate sharp things
Drinking double for the homies who can't @Uglymanegus lol
Drink too much coffee, wear lipstick that's too dark, and never settle for a life you don't want
Dr. King has been arrested again for fighting for what is right. #WeStandWithMLK #Selma
@DrPhil I think I have all of these. I feel half crazy most of the time.
Dude u were 3hrs late, do somn abt botho f yall RT " @3PLE_JAY @yhurboiJAY & his inability to keep to time? Even wen I was 3hours late! "
@dulcejimin I hate this so much this is an insult to me and my family delete this
Dumb bitch made me change my plans and the bitch never showed
Duncan Keith fucking piece of shit
@DwyaneWade unfortunately it is the Wild West out there because of the ethics of the people who did this crime. The problem starts at home.
@dxspxratelust i just needed to release my frustration is all.
DYLAN KEEPS TRIPPING IM DEAD
Earlier I heard a woman in her 50s complaining about how her favourite tea room has closed down #whitepeopleproblems
@eason_garrett along with the other countries having troubles though these tuff times.
@EatBird No, it was stuck on another one, but it stuck out in my mind.
Eating Nutella out the jar will always be my weakness
@Eco_Yogini I'm not sure I'd say that. It's more like... I was maybe too much of a suck for how creepy the first episode was.
Eh some things just don't need to be stressed about
@Ekcopye does Kevin have no shame ??
Elementary pressed for recess middle fuck dis shit highschool man I'm boutah go see dis bitch n skool but man I CNT wait to finish skool ?? ??
@EllohimeTwitch too much load on that breaker. Upstairs rooms are intentionally lower for fire code reasons.
@emnhassan he blocked me ?? ?? ?? ?? could not handle it at all
England coach who failed at World Cup backs England coach who failed at World Cup shocker.
@enkindle_this nowhere near good enough, either not good enough or don't care enough to put the effort in take your pick!
Erased snap chat shit got boring to me.
@EricTrump @LindaSuhler anything with Obama or Hillary's name attached to it is a disaster.
Erm weren't you just saying shit about the album before?
@EthanDolan i wanna be your gf so bad, one thing is that im really sarcastic soooo ?? ?? ??
Even on not so sunny days the WakaWaka Base will provide solar light & power to charge your phone. #theclimatemiles
Even though i hate winter cause i get sick but whatever
Ever hear some shit that makes your heart hurt?
Ever try waking up but you keep falling back to sleep? Ugh Its one of those mornings today.
Every artistic and media endeavor in history has been unabashedly chauvinistic in nature because each was made by ignorant men.
Everybody hate This class ?? ??
Every decision driven by fear is a bad one #FreeTheRefugees #OneLove
Every Friday I expect the gym to be dead until I get there and remember it's always packed, do these people not have lives?
Every girl has run out/lost their makeup so have had to use a shitty mascara from a magazine that was published in 2003 as a last resort
everyone gets names. without names, we don't know who put down and warn others about you!
Everyone is hopping on Holmes dick you bandwagon hoes
Everyone's watching the dreaded X Factor and I'm sat with my cat watching a programme about building Hitlers () supergun. Yah
Everyone who failed the physics test ????
Everything about everything sucks today
everything doesn't need a reaction ?? you gotta charge that shit to the game & move on.
Everything just been dead Lately.
Everything looks wrong to you.
Every time I do laundry I throw one sock in the garbage, because I lose shit on my own terms.
Every time I see Dave Grohl with his long hippy haircut I wonder if he's back on heroin.
Every year I get shocked at how cold it actually can be ??
Every year I'm always shocked about how fucking cold it is
Ewa Beach house fire found to be intentionally set via @khonnews
Exhausted is an understatement
Exmuslims are haters now? More likely #ExMuslimBecause people actually read the quran and got sick of the hate.
Explosion in Kabul kills two - media #IT
Express pkg from DHL, failed to deliver Friday, left wrong redelivery note and left 11 char ID (they are always 10) #DHL #FAIL YOU HAD 1 JOB
Facebook is just a waste of my time, really sick of it
Failed physics.. What a shocker didn't see that coming
@FairserviceSean @Vgiscard Seeing TYT get worse & worse has been crazy. And I was fooled by not knowing about that damn name etc.
Falling back asleep after waking up is impossible
Fam having a meeting (w/o me ) about why I don't have a " career. " Yet I'm 20, in school, work 2 jobs n practically pay for all my expenses.
FAM wtf is wrong with him? ?? ????
@fandombeliefs wtf is wrong with you?
@farahbadri1 I have never laughed so much
Fashion Business Owner Musings : Self Doubt Never Seems to Go Away || #StartUpFASHION
Faves : drama & history least faves : maths and music bc i hate my fucking teacher ugh
Favourite interview I've literally never laughed so much fff
@FBI again you didn't do your job. why are you there, you need to I'll https://t.co/GYmqGu0Bcu alone have just destroyed the USA
@FBI opening an investigation 2 weeks before the election? I'm disappointed that the government is tampering with our democracy.
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.
feel really sick ?? ??
Fighting brings us together.
fights over text are always really confusing because im usually really sarcastic and sassy and the other person cant really tell
FINALLY! " @KimKardashian : I took those long nails off. They were just press on for my shoot. OMG I can text & tweet again. #freedom "
Finding money that you hid then forgot #BestFeelingEver
Finished season 1 of lost ?? ?? #omg #lost #obsessed SO MANY QUESTIONS
Fire alarm. One in the morning. It's raining. Imma jump the bitch that burnt her popcorn #Dumbass
Fire at Kokua Pool intentionally set #HNLnow
Fire breaks out on 50th floor of Chicago skyscraper, injuring 1. Blaze now under control
Fire intentionally set at home where 4 bodies were found... The latest
Fire that injured teen at Greensboro home was set intentionally
First of all, " psycho " is a slur for mentally ill people, it's degroative in it self. And it has nothing to do with an angry girlfriend.
first time i actually remembered to record the death fall #BlurryfaceTourEurope
Fitch Expects Sears ' EBITDA To Be In The Negative $600 Million Range In 2015 And Potentially Worse In 2016
@FLOTUS Before you get all giddy about the first lady tweeting you, realize she didn't. Not signed-mo She doesn't care about you.
Focus on your goal. No one else is going to do it. #business #entrepreneur #uk #marketing #success
@followthatband guess it's too late to try the no speak ingles line
@fondstadiums liar u've sold ur virginity to a creepy ass man so u can buy yourself a ticket I'M NOT GONNA END IT DSH
@foreverteal IM sorry Julia it's so weird. Cold headache. It is an iconic term bc I am so shocked by it
For the past 3 weeks I've tried to book an appointment on a Friday for my gp it's the only day I finish college early. I'll be dead soon TBH
FOUR @GainesvillePD officers blocking TWO LANES of traffic on University and 13th because someone rear-ended a scooter. No one injured.
@FoxNews @AmiHorowitz Sick people, go home then back to your Sharia law.
@FoxNews Are you concerned about the $6 billion dollars missing from the State Department, dead Americans in Benghazi, classified emails?
@FoxNews but he has no money, Hillary has it in the foundation
@FoxNews @CNN when you mention more white kids are killed the response is "disproportionate". Totally irrelevant!
@FoxNews @DanaPerino @HillaryClinton That usually happens to very bad criminals. They can't stay away from bad.
@FoxNews @FoxNewsInsider I hate this sort of speculation - even from Chris Wallace
@FoxNews @HillaryClinton changes story because when you are a habitual liar you have trouble remembering what you said at other times
@FoxNews @HillaryClinton I'm so sick of these emails. Did anything bad happen? Nope. So get over it.
@FoxNews @HillaryClinton SHAME ON YOU EVIL EVIL EVIL
@FoxNews @HillaryClinton The people are calling for you to do prison time!
@FoxNews I am a videoorgrapher for 30 yrs. Thst video was not edited. RICHARD as usual has no clue. Shut him up
@FoxNews I read the article, the tweet is right on, the #NYTimes is nothing more than a yellow gossip paper now. Very SAD!
@FOXNews Is that asshole working so hard for Hillary, wants to avoid jail also.
@FoxNews @JebBush @realDonaldTrump no Jeb what's disturbing is that you don't stand up for your word. Signed the pledge and didn't mean it.
@FoxNews @LindaSuhler @HermeneNdigo just blame it on their policies e. g. Gun Control where only criminals and police have guns
@FoxNews @MaElviraSalazar @realDonaldTrump He speaks to the people, all of them. Not like Hillary who speaks black when speaking to blacks.
@FoxNews @MayorDeblasio So The mayor doesn't look at bombs going off are acts or terror? Everything else with bombs was considered terror?
@FoxNews @OutnumberedFNC @SheriffClarke How in the world can anyone still be undecided when we have OPEN BORDERS? Still NO JOBS? Really?
@FoxNews @pastormarkburns Sorry Minister you are wrong. He will build that wall. The next wall will be between North and South states.
@foxnewspolitics @ABC @CBSNews @CNN @MSNBC They do not look like the America of my people. Sorry 4 their loss but they are 2 angry at America
@foxnewspolitics @fxnopinion Whatever. You go after Clinton on everything. She could refuse to eat a cheeseburger and you'd yell Elitist.
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump all of the left is a problem mostly why America is broke
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton youre missing a name in there Fox. Just thought id let you know.
@FoxNews this is the reason these protest should stop they r not producing anything but violence
@FoxNews very a sad, government say everything is good,, drugs kill everyone and don't have political or racial preferences
@FoxNews what you think about vape not being in college if it stopping smokers to smoke.
@FoxNews you are an idiot. #whitepeopleproblems
@frappucinarry don't u love my lil baby hairs flying out of my head hehe
Freaking porn just came on my TL. I'm In a room full of children I had to scroll so fast.
@FRECKLEPHIL ): stupid android phone it needs to get w the program
Frederick Woods, 64, the last of three men convicted of hijacking a school bus full of children nearly four decades ago was denied parole
French police post photo of dead Paris terror suspect and ask public for any information.
Freshly fallen leaves and vanilla smell awful to Draco
friday is finally here and I have to be sick! I hate being sick!
Fridge full of food u say nothing to eat. Wardrobe full of clothes you say nothing to wear. Internet full of sites yet you are bored.
from my all-girls HS experience, white women are really intimidated to do any hair texture different than their own.
Frustrated is an understatement #done
Frustration build up then you gotta release
Fuck being sick. I literally can't breath right now. And cause of some fucking idiot I was up half the night. #notmyday
Fucked up my hip and lost my wallet fuckin shitty I tell ya
Fucked up slapen en fucked up opstaan lifestyle
Fuck I need to charge my phone
Fuck it another cigarette break to waste more time at work
fuck it's hot down here
Fuck me over? Fuck you & your life. I could careless about you ??
Fuck my stupid android phone
fuck. shout out for the record and the starburst
Fuck substitutes who think they're actually teachers
fuck the police
Fuck the police, cause I know that they watchin ??
fuck the police from every possible direction
Fuck the police? I can see you're a ruthless gangster. Nobody can control you.
Fuck what they talking bout on yo timeline. that's cuttin into my time wit u
@fuelledbyveg pain randomly came back on Wednesday with absolutely no warning. I've done a lot of stretching and foam rolling & this morning
full of children with sticky fingers and terrible trash manners!
GAH these complications existed since May and idk how I got it under control then but somehow I can't rn?
@gak_pdx this needs to be restricted to " tacticool ", or I'll pull out my photo holding the Beretta shotgun done by the Apple Watch designer!
@GaryLineker sorry i'll miss it tonight, i'm watching some paint dry
?? geeksofdoom : vladtheimpalainvalhalla : bugtears : modmad : We interrupt your usual schedule to bring you
General News • 'School Kids Drown In Densu River ' via Full story at
Genuinely never laughed so much at an interview ever
German singer whose lyrics insult gays and Jews to sing at Eurovision
@gerrylynch Aspects were known 50 yrs ago & more over last 30. Why we always need new antibiotics. However use needs to be restricted
Get money niggas hate but hurt when you don't come around
Get The Investing Tips And Tricks You Need
Getting really sick of studying even though it's only the first semester
Getting so sick I hate this
Get to work and my boss said it was so slow during his shift he was falling asleep standing here so obv for my shift there is nothing to do!
Get yo bitch under control, she keep tryna leave wit me.
@gibby_mess I'll stop watching if she doesn't
@GiGiHadid they're trying to make u look bad, but we know you'll never do that
Girls are 12 and already sucking dick and 13 loosing their virginity ?? ??
Girls Reveal the Most Common Mistakes Guys Make in Bed! (
girls who say " suck my dick " aren't clever or funny. that shit is strange. you don't hear guys saying " suck my pussy " as a comeback
girls will stressed that they don't need a nigga, the next day they cuffed up.
girl they be irking me. I had to get my irritation out somewhere ?? ??. Class full of children
@glennbeck is a sociopath that cries a lot and lies more than MSM https://t.co/2gdPE1ftHR
Glenn is so dumb. He should've gone back to Alexandria. Now he has a piece pulled on him. #TV #TheWalkingDead
Glenn's fate revealed on 'Walking Dead ': It's been a long few weeks for fans of " The Walking Dead, " but finall
Go figure. The 1 day I'm intentionally dragging my feet to work to miss the fire drill, I'm still too early. #NoTraffic #AllGreenLights
Go fuck yourself
Going through crowded NYC streets with my mother on her scooter reminded me of how appalling people can be about slow moving traffic.
going to a show/concert with me is literally just me yelling profanities at the band/performer so don't expect good videos
Go morning. Still can't use my internet because it got absolutely destroyed yesterday. Fixing all that when I get home later today
Gone (not very far ) in 60 seconds : Incredible moment pensioner caused traffic chaos by going ro... #driving #news
Gonna miss beta convention but I can't wait for next year #betacon16
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP anyone leaving the US & fighting as a terrorist in must lose their citizenship & be arrested ASAP #PJNET
Got a blunt w/ nobody to smoke it with whatta shame
Got a freezer and fridge full of food but I don't feel like cooking.
Got any ladies lines up for the week? " " Hahahah no " ~~~awkward silence ~~~
Got hella memories with her... I remember we both got arrested together for Fighting these bitches ?? ??
got kill and nobody to smoke it with. that's a damn shame
go to meet my mum in Costa to have a chat and some coffee and she ends up ringing someone and ignoring me
?? ?? ?? ?? got set up for the kill
Gotta book how to learn a scooter soon Traffic kills
Gotta lot of frustration built up that I gotta release ?? ?? ??
Gotta pass a drug test Monday smfh it's gonna be a boring weekend.
Gotta stop this shit
Got the new iPad, too sick!
got yo feelings hurt cause they gonna amputate your leg ma, chill
@GracieZitny miss you guys I'll bring back stuff for you and tim
grammar mistakes so you know its real ??
#greensboro Wife of man accused of trying to drown their kids arrested
@GregGutfeldShow Do you overgrown high schoolers have nothing better to do than trash Trump? Who's your candidate? Pee Wee Herman?
@grxxnx me watching all this drama. makes me never want to enter a relationship ever in my life ??
@gsameee @implementing I seriously doubt your numbers & refusing refugees is a violation of federal law. When fed money goes away 1/2
@guardiannews @guardian from now on,if a portion of society doesn't like the outcome of a vote, we can have it overturned to our preference
@guardiannews It's because the ones doing it now are exceptionally incompetent.
@guardiannews so sad but then its also sad that the child had a moron for a father
@guardian Obama Lynch and Comey allowed their boy in Orlando to complete his mission. Not the NRA and gun companies.
@guardian Oh there is more, you Stink Fart. I just don't want to put them all.
Guess I ain't drinking tonight lol
Guess I'm just not a lovable person
Guess who failed the physics test.
GUESS WHO JUST FAILED HER PHYSICS TEST YET AGAIN YAYYYYY
Gundo's character on Generations is just boring. He's so annoying
@guypbenson There's not link between Paris and the Algerian arrested confirmed or even likely. Obviously a poser. @KySim @JuddLegum
Guys why are we so shocked its cold? It's November, is this not the time?
@Gym_Rat11 I see in your avi you got stuck babysitting two kids... poor u ?? the little boy acts way younger than his age
Had a bad day? Follow this and Just #breathe deeply. Ahhh
Had a math quiz of the third day of school... #sick probably failed -. -
Had the worst nightmare abt these Isis fuckers coming and ruining my life ??
Had to wake @CamillaSibanda because I really could not handle this alone
Had work all day today and I feel so shitty uhg
@HaileyVan15 wanted a picture of the dresser I built, feat random shit in my room
#Hairstylist thoughts - After a four hour color correction and then a #perm, I do not want to do hair for a month.
half of me could careless about you, and the other half is dying inside not knowing how you're doing.
@hankandlucysdad ugly is an understatement my frent.
@hannabananaa9 worst sore throat of my life
@HannaWiley I miss seeing your " pissed off at the world face " every morning while I eat breakfastMy 5, 391st tweet goes out to me having WAY too much time on my hands.
Hard days, my brother made me go in the rain to buy em sb and never have one umbrella in the car.. smh
Harlem took over Monaco? Shit look crazy out here
harry saying " shit " brought me back to life
@hartmtown I fear they would be worse largely because overtimes skew them to the negative.
has to be called 'Applied Economics '... boring, I know
Hate being in a class with kids
Hate being sick!
Hate being sick, cant skate, or play games, darn
Hate being sick, cold medicine be expensive
Hate going home at the weekend BC I have to get the train which is always PACKED ?????????????
Hate Having a class on Fridays
Hate having a gym class full of non athletes shits gay!
Hate hearing about people that have a possessive boyfriend/girlfriend makes me so angry
Hate how I cant have my nails longer cause my clarinet teacher gets mad ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
hate it when my teacher doesn't bump my 65 % up to an A
Hate it when people say they're fat, if you're so bothered get off your arse and do something about it.
Hate kills the hater faster than the hated!
hate/love being home sick BC Netflix ??
Hate math class so much
Hate not feeling good enough ??
Hate of being sick ?? i h8 u
Hate people that judge you before they even get to know you
Hate these girls in my Spanish class
hate this class
Hate to face the camera when SICK ??down wit all kinds of viral flu ?? ??drained n tired having medicines ?? #helpless ????
Hate to miss you
Hate waiting for my phone to charge up
Hate waiting in between classes when you have nothing to do. #boring
hate waking up I be falling back asleep
hAte week... it's almost time #BeatUofA
Hate when I come home to NO food ?? ??
Hate when Mfs assume shit
Hate when my astronomy class turns into a math class
hate when my parents come home late w no food ??
Hate when people put they feet up in veichles. Shit is gross.
Hate when people text you " I need to talk to you about something " then say " actually I'll wait and tell you in person "
Hate when ppl assume shit ??
Have a boootyful day! can't wait to play tonight! ?? ??
Have Alot Of Shit Too Handle!
Havent started writing the assignment. And there's hell to pay
Have severe #COPD? Learn more about new study available in #ClinicalTrials #lungdisease #breathe #help
have the worst sore throat ??
Have to be up in 3 hours and can't sleep. Brain. PLEASE.
Have to use a stupid android until my replacement iPhone gets in
have u ever accidentally befriended someone who is very very irritating
have u ever been in a mood to destroy your relationship with everyone you know
have u ever had to restart a song because u spaced out and weren't appreciating it enough
have u ever known someone so shitty that they completely ruin that first name for you?
Have u ever wanted someone but at the same time you really don't? lmao
Having a cold sore in the corner of your mouth is the worst thing ever.
Having a really shitty day ?? ??
Having a shitty day? Blame Scandal ?? ??
having a sore back all the time is the worst thing :(
Having a sore throat is actually the worst
Having a sore throat is the absolute worst ?? ??
having a sore throat is the worst :(
having divorced parents is such a pain in the butt I did not sign up for this
Having no one to speak to during the day is shit, I need to get home so I can speak to her ??????
having sore throat is the worst
Having such a shitty day at work ugh
Having tests on Friday's suck. ?? Just give me the weekend already.
@Hayley352 I didn't have chance so I'm getting them tomorrow, I'll let you know then xx
@Hazard3600 you liar l0l... what kind of family are you
Headache all day + shitty weather all day = sleeping all day.
Head wraps on black women are a crown. People are really intimidated by a black woman with her head properly tied.
Heart. Broken. My long luscious hair is gone. ?? ?? ?? ??
Heartbroken teens (alone and lost )
@HEELZiggler Hey Nick, sorry to interrupt your busy schedule but I am wondering is this you?
heh i need a cigarette break
@HeIsBranden that's creepy af not cute at all ??
@hellatinysteve back and file my nails while doing so. " She wasn't the sweet little girl she used to be. She was really sarcastic now.
@hellavno all the selfless work he did for the stray dogs, day in day out, so unfair that his last day was was horrible ??
@helloimfrenzy that came out really sarcastic
He looks so creepy there. I swear he's not actually creepy #superswankparty
her caravan built ass always wanna try that shit
here's a real shocker
Here's a video of Ellen scaring a bunch of celebrities because you need a pick-me -up
here's to one shitty ass day! ??
Here's why you should stop #scaring your #cat with #cucumbers - #cats #catlovers
@Herologist This is not so good. He's not kidding around with this.
He's always watching me. It's scaring me! :-(
Hey fuck you I got a hell of a deal on this piece of shit laptop only $200 and all I had to do was sleep outside for 6 days
@HeyHeyNRA How many kids gonna drown today : About 10 per day! #banpools #poolcompaniesprofitfromdeath
Heyoo! If you haven't backed us on Kickstarter, now is the time! We're almost at 70 % funded, with 3 days to go!
Hey @TylerManion1, suck it up. We gonna get drunk this weekend. ??
Hey Yahoo Sportacular, did I ask for MLB notifications? No? Then why am I still getting 10 a day?
@hickforco And my two kids are also dual citizens and this is not so good for CO since they are EU -Americans!
Hi @Deliveroo, are you learner scooter riders specially trained in doing illegal u turns or using the inside of traffic cones as short cuts?
Hides is Sasuke's bed with his butt up in the air because he just doesn't care.
@HillaryClinton 10. 4 I doubt but Trump will probably lose more than 3. 5 million one way or another.
@HillaryClinton @alivitali He ran away from the military 5 times lying about bone spurs. He has sacrificed nothing for our country??
@HillaryClinton and @realDonaldTrump your "outreach" to black voters means nothing if you cannot talk about another unarmed black man killed
@hillaryclinton as bad as trump may be, lesser of 2 evils, tells you how little we think of u #basketofdeplorables
@HillaryClinton Compare this idea used with spouse abuse. Don't know about everyone else, but I have seen a lot of awful pictures.
@HillaryClinton Disgraced Hillary lying hooker shut the hell up fool nap time you are talking
@HillaryClinton doesn't that make 195 missing or dead people under you and bills belt
@HillaryClinton DONALD TRUMP WILL BUILD THE WALL AND MEXICO WILL PAY FOR IT. HERE'S HOW:
@HillaryClinton drop out the race ol bitch I can't wait to slap the fuck out of you
@HillaryClinton Fact your husband lied under oath Fact he made millions citizens destitute even kids Fact Benghazi. Fact he fornicates.
@HillaryClinton @fema she'll just raise money to the affected people and use it for herself
@HillaryClinton Get your head out of your ass, it's not a hat.
@HillaryClinton go to prison Deleting classified information AND announcing the US' nuclear launch times
@HillaryClinton He did nothing. We know what you called Americans is bad. Saying bomb is what makes sense given what the news said
@HillaryClinton Hillary 20 bottles of water and 10 bags of cough drops won't help you tonight. You can't run from your corruption tonight.
@HillaryClinton How is equal pay for women at stake? I haven't heard anything at all about this issue.
@HillaryClinton I don't know why this lady isn't in jail it's crazy.
@HillaryClinton I got evidence to your arrest if i die i know u a fake
@HillaryClinton I know u r going to next @POTUS because I have seen House of Cards. @realDonaldTrump is a disaster for the whole world
@HillaryClinton imagine the damage you would do. You don't deserve to the president of anything
@HillaryClinton is speaking at the same time I have an exam so I guess I'm not finding a parking spot & failing ?? #thankshillary
@HillaryClinton @JoeBiden Obama has past, present & future staff dont keep word so countries dont believe them. Obama lied on Iran nuke deal
@HillaryClinton kinda says it all. She wants her sheep to be with her. Not that she's with the American people she hates so much.
@HillaryClinton Most Americans have learned to tune Hillary out when she quotes facts and figures because they know she is just lying again
@HillaryClinton @NyleDiMarco. Your voice is repulsive. Your policies are repulsive. Your lies are deplorable..
@HillaryClinton oh so now you're accusing him of this which is exactly what you're known for doing. You lying piece of shit.
@HillaryClinton @POTUS @thehill You have no issues to run on, I don't believe he's from here, He's a trader that has sold this country!!
@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump BECAUSE YOU'RE A LIAR, CHEAT, AND A THIEF HRC, ANYONE IN THEIR RIGHT MIND WOULD QUESTION THAT IT IS NOT!!!
@hillaryclinton @realdonaldtrump trump being sued first by a 13 year old he raped. Then more women he has lied about.
@HillaryClinton shut up. You took $25 million from the Saudis and they let women be raped, have no voice, and have to wear black hoods
@HillaryClinton, simple we know you are a lying criminal who only seeks for self. America needs a leader, not you.
@HillaryClinton SNAKES IN THE PLANE! A BIG BLUE LIE IN THE SKY! FLY'IN ROPE KEEPS FILTERED PRESS AT BAY AN A HACK ATTACK CUTS THE NEWS FEED
@HillaryClinton So let's give the button to a brain-damaged drunk whose eyes point in different directions!  That makes sense!
@HillaryClinton stop lying Killary! I see Karma is rearing it's ugly head at you!
@HillaryClinton take ur pick when it comes 2 paying his bills taxes contractors suppliers. avoider n chief. but HE IS NO commandor in chief
@HillaryClinton tap me back if u are not a pussy I dare I triple dog dare u slut
@HillaryClinton @timkaine u both know U would fire me in a heartbeat if i did half of what U did --telework agrmnt ring a bell? ethics?
@HillaryClinton Trump has paid women equal pay for 30 yrs. Why won't you?
@HillaryClinton WAKE UP GRANNY! This sick old horse can barely stand up for 4minutes without support. ??
@HillaryClinton What happened to the "Double Jeopardy" law, you can't be tried twice for the same crime?
@HillaryClinton when you meet with police chiefs today.. REMIND them how much $ they had, when your husband held office. No lie, You go gurl
@HillaryClinton YOU need to change that policy, because YOU as POTUS with your warmongering ways, scares the hell out of me.
@HillaryClinton.. Your a murdering skank your dead body count has a full tank collecting blood money Soros bank ?? your evil stinks ur rank ??
@HillaryClinton you're guilty as hell. I cannot wait for it to all come around full circle.
@HillaryClinton You should take resposability for your deplorable actions towards sexualy victimized women by your husband. + the raped girl
@HillaryClinton you think all whites except you are racists don't you? Idc if it sounds racist we need a wall to keep out illegals
@hirikki just going to tell you now, it's going to fucking suck. I lost my dog in June after having her for 12 -13 years & I was heartbroken.
*His eyebrow twitches* Oi, if you make that kinda face I'll misunderstand.
His Girlfriend Noticed A Lump On Her BUTT! Then She Used A BOTTLE... Kind Of Gross.
@HisTemptation_ Actually you are wrong. I could careless about you.
@historyepics @lstanbulda Now they say bacon can give you cancer : shame, I used to smoke 20 rashers a day!
history teacher : wheres ur assignment me : uh me : me : i hate snakeu
#hoam RT @Ryzha39: We live in a world where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity.
Hoe " is no longer an insult. We have reclaimed that.
@hokutokobayashi fuck the government lets #rebel
holy fucking shit im so tired
Holy shit Boy Scouts know how to tie 38237 different knots... With ropes... Hmu
Holy shit. Can this logo be more boring? We need to have someone under the age of 70 doing graphic design for
Holy shit I never noticed that
HOLY SHIT! What a fucjin fight
Holy smokes @justinbieber is absolute fire! Side note : Beliebe it or not I didn't intentionally plan that pun but I'm psyched it happened.
@hotboymorg ????.. watch out, we got ms long hair don't care over here.
hot down here M &M! We shedding eeeeverywhere ???????? Miss u guys xxx
@hotsexybrendan it sounds really sarcastic
Hottest guy i ever saw was empty as can be so i punched him in the chin! Take that bitch boy!?
How about the boosters use their buyout money to pay everyone's tuition amirite?
How am I supposed to do my home work with these distractions
How can one forget about the spongebob episode with the fry cook games
How can reactions be contagious in a way to spread the mind consciousness system? #Emotions
How can you be a leader and have people fighting and arrested at your campaigns ??
how did I get stuck babysitting
how do they eat so much before games i would die
How do u squish a cupcake for no reason. I am devastated
How do you know when a fire alarm is real cause I'm not running outside in my underwear holding my cat for no reason
@howiemandel Personal opinion & taste but for me 1st act is out,,, 2nd act at risk tomorrow night #AGT
How is it possible that all the hate and anger i had inside of me for years just vanish in two seconds?
How Israel pressures BBC into changing headlines :
How one female lawyer in India is fighting for women's rights
: How tf @_lisamariiie has more followers on here than me & bitch you just made your Twitter ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
how the fuck does @chucktodd still have a job at which he's not laughed?
How u leave yo mans down for a broke bitch most of these tuff niggas on some hoe shit
How will I ever remember the codeword? It is so difficult
How you niggas set up I'm never loosing my virginity ??
HTGAWM just stressed me out even more. I don't need this.
@HuffingtonPost all actors should be paid under a $1 per day and face a barrage of rotten fruit and vegetables if their performance is off
@HuffingtonPost Would have been profession to give notice to @d_seaman Now, he's all freaked out and posting crazy theories on Youtube.
@HuffPostPol Clinton's have a sinister history that makes their opponents die an unnatural death. It must be a new trend in USA Politics.
@HuffPostPol She needs to be moved to an insane asylum after going to a plastic surgeon. She can split bullets with that chin.
Huh wtf is wrong with me
hurt Bruhhh... mood 100 to 0
@HyunaSquad wtf that's so wrong and ignorant ??
@HYUNGLINES No, I would hate being a teacher. I don't want to have to talk in front of a lot of people ;;
@i106fm @justinbieber is it to late to say sorry for not knowing how to Twitter.
i absolutely hate being sick :(
I actually don't mind coming here and have to do very minimal work. but my supervisor makes this job stressful then what it needs to be
i actually hate when the teacher asks u to tell them what happened so u do and they say " that's not a good excuse " CAUSE ITS NOT AN EXCUSE
I actually sweat School of Rock so hard
Iainn built for that shit
I almost broke my door handle ?? I could not get that mf to open.
I already know I failed my physics test
I also hate english class 3
I always get so scared I'm going to get shocked whenever I open doors becauSe it's cold
I am headed your way! Can't wait to play tonight. See you soon Houston.
i am hurt so here is me spreading my pain from finding this text post about how it'd be dating jimin
I am not a fan of injection medications. They are not fun.
I am #NOT going through this all over #again with another person I've fallen for #notokay
I am not the father :) #bestfeelingever #thatbirddancetho
i am not your 5 minute cigarette break, you cannot light me up whenever you're in the mood, and put me out when you're tired of me.
I am now regretting waking up early ?? Im slowly falling back asleep while scrolling through twitter ??
I am running on no sleep this is not good and I need to finish my homework before break THIS IS DUMB
I am so damn stressed out and I don't need anybody to add on more stress in my life ??
i am so detached and miserable i just got shocked by the sensation of my own cold saliva
I am so heartbroken, shattered and distraught BEYOND WORDS... I lost my grandma last night... It hurts
Iam so hurt ?? whole screen shattered
I am so lazy to charge my phone.
@ian_sleepyface : @LadyMac__ Imma need some RAZHAE PUSSY this year " no Ian
I BEG TO DIFFER - Pakistan did it! " ABVP men assault 98 migrant workers in Karnataka, drag them out of train " |
I be tryna lurk on @SixthOwtlaw tweets but all he tweets about is football. #FAIL
I bought a camera & took photos. They kinda suck but I'm learning. This was from #PCG23 in San Antonio last weekend.
I call this the 'rainy day commuter butt ' via/r/bicycling
I can already see how today is about to go. Maybe I should just sleep the day away and stay to myself. Smh.
I can be boring and say you lying cause there is no spur in Venda.
I can be really mean or really sarcastic, depends on the way you take it.
I can careless about you now
I can deal with a lot of dumb TV but there are some things that just really annoy me and tonight's TWD is one of those things.
I can explain I swear
I can feel the energy.. Some people are polite, cos they don't want any smoke. But the shits been lit. I deeped it. What a shame
I can literally lay around in bed for hours doing nothing, I love it.
i can never sleep through a full night without waking up and falling back asleep a million times
I cannot wait to be back in California for the weekend. Vegas can suck it ??
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs, so when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on.
I can start back being that petty bitch ???
i cant believe tomorrow is my last day off work im so depressed
I can't be the only one that finds 'xoxoxo ' really sarcastic
I can't even deal with this dumb skank on tv right now.
I can't even remember how old I was when I started crushing on Fernando Colunga #TelenovelaBinge #Obsessed
I can't listen to it ?? because I have stupid android! @camilacabello97 @ShawnMendes #IKWYDLSAtMidnight
I cant pass a permit test but i can weave thru trafic man smh
I can't quite explain it ; porn is just porn. Bad acting and dialogue and just sex. There's nothing more.
I can't remember the last time I needed a cigarette break so fucking bad.
I can't speak about abortion at a university because I don't have a uterus MY HUMAN RIGHTS ARE ATTACKED #WhitePeopleProblems
I can't teach you my swag/ You can pay for school but you can't buy class " #Swagga_Like_Us
I can't wait for freeman to make history #SendFreemanToSpace
I can't wait for thanksgiving so I can drink too much wine and avoid all my families questions about college 33
I CANT WAIT OMG ITS TOO REAL IM GETTING SO BALD ITS NOT NICE
I can't wait to get out of highschool. Shit gets more corny everyday.
I cant wait to get the fuck out of highschool
I can't wait to graduate so I can spend every waking minute of my life at my old highschool - said no one ever (except for the pathetic few )
I can't wait to play tonight
I can't wait to play tonight, ten bucks I hit a dope shot tonight
I can't wait to reward myself with a full season of Jessica Jones right after school
I can't wait to start college in the winter. I'm getting real tired of highschool drama and all the fake ass people in this small town
I can't wait until 3rd mp, no more History and I'm taking drivers ed ??
i careless about you ??
I careless about you, there for its no disscution
I choose whatever brings the most chaos. I won't keep it for long anyway. They always end up under the couch.
I continuously tell myself I'm gonna do my home work but I always end up lying in bed cuddling my textbook instead
I could careless about you and what you doin ', bitch fuck you ??
I could careless about you kid
i could careless about you or what you got going on ??
I could do you how you do me but that hoe shit don't run in my blood ??
i could never allow myself to wear sweat pants to school ?? Pink or not.
I could not handle having a coffee shop in my building. I'd go broke. And mental. And broke. #TheBlock
I could not handle such an atrocity... I would go into a depression ?
I could really careless about you.
I creep on my followers when I finish my homework. sorry.
I cried that day because u really wanted to be there with 5/5 ?? ?? #5quad #1yearof5quad #memories
I cried tonight whilst watching the Cinderella movie trailer with Emilia... wtf is wrong with me! ?? ?? ?? ????
i cry a lot for a heartless bitch with " no feelings "
I cry everytime that video of Harry Styles getting close to the camera and yelling the lyrics to No Control
idc how crazy a bitch is said to be if she out here disrespectin me she gone get hit
#IDFArrests a UN reports says the attack was started when the streets were full of children.
I didn't do my home work last night, I'm tired & sick, & my freaking northward is pink & my shirt is red but I'm colder then a mf so
Idk about other girls but if I get my hair done & I'm not outside long enough that people see it ; I gotta penalize myself. That's a write up.
Idk if I posted this before but here's a picture of me being a Typical Brooklyn Nigga
idk if I should sleep then wake up for phantasia or just stay awake
Idk what I hate more : Selena, selenators, jelenators or my math teacher
Idk why I wait til the last minute to do my home work ??
Idk why y'all be stressing over relationship & shit, y'all life's just beginning.
Idk wtf wrong with me
Idk wtf wrong with me this morning but this the 2nd person done scared me
Idk y she even got her own bed, she always layed up with me! #iluvitdoe #bestfeelingever
I'd much rather watch a KDRAMA with meaning than any dumb American reality TV show.
& i dnt giv a fuck abt ur view ?? ?? ?? ??
I do my home work, I know enough iont gotta ask no questions!
I do not know what is worse, negative people spreading lies and heinous things or the stupid people that fail to
I don't buy many songs but I'm being serious @iamdanielskye New song #WeGotUs is ?? ??
i don't care about jessica & what she went through at all
I Don't Care - @AramideMusic #IbadanTop10
I don't care because you don't care.
I don't care how many years I've been on this earth, every single year I am shocked by how cold it gets in late November.
I don't care if it's preseason the Eagles are 4 -0
I don't care what you have to say, leave me be.
I don't care who will survive in the battle of spicy because there my @CocaColaZero_IN is available #KeepItCoolWithZero
I don't even watch tv anymore because the local tv programs are just too dumb.
I don't get out much. I had a Boyfriend MIA when I started work who dumped me after I got my Job. #ronhacker #DEVASTATED #SUICIDAL
I don't get the logic for exemption from unfair dismissal laws. If system needs reform, make the case. Otherwise, unfair is unfair.
I don't get these Ppl these days Its bandwagon on bandwagon Saying u don't trust hoes but putting all your trust in em Js ??
I don't give a fuck... is usually my response to dumb niggas
I don't give handshakes because I don't want to get caught
I don't go to church enough I curse out loud, I drink too much I'm more of a sinner than a saint
I don't go to the doctor because I'm scared they'll do an X -Ray and find some weird organ full of all the Chef Boyardee I've ever eaten.
I don't know what I like more, having a boyfriend or a fridge full of food. ??
I don't know why I'm on twitter when im angry because some of you hoes do three much bandwagon attention fighting hoes... yall aggy sometimes
I don't like to do anything since my whole body is freaking painful
I don't live in my fears, i just swallow my tears, It ain't all in my head, life is just a nightmare
I don't live with my fears, I just swallow my tears, it ain't all in my head, Life is just a nightmare
I don't need this school stress right now... I'm already stressed enough about making my fantasy football league's playoffs
I don't need to be stressed in college
I don't see how people don't have jobs... like y'all don't feel like bums not knowing where you next check coming from?
I don't think anyone will ever understand how much I hate my geometry teacher
I don't think anything can be worse than a negative thinker.
I don't think I can express how much I hate my literature class
I DONT THINK I EVER LAUGHED THIS HARD IN MY LIFE
I don't understand why people think we do things for them, If I smoke weed why are you so bothered? Ninesdina shame
I don't want to dream of you anymore. I want you for real.
I don't want to get caught
I doubt quite think Tuesday can come any faster ?? ??
I dreamed that my cat died and the first thing i did was looking for her ??
I drove longer than I was in class. I hate college
I especially hate how the smell sticks to freshly washed hair
if a gril cry to sleep thinking about shit you did, you fucked up bruh!
I failed my physics test, I'll just rob a bank.
If a mf don't care if you eat the whole day they could careless about you period.. You can die from starvation right?
If ANYBODY at all wants to go to see Knuckle Puck tonight. I will drive and pay for gas if you buy your own ticket ($18)
If anyone is wondering, I just confirmed what we've thought for a long is stupid.
If Carrie Bradshaw married Aiden Shaw the only thing she'd be losing is " Brad " #deepthought #coincidence
If Chelsea had lost, Mou would have blamed it on Arsenal or smthn.. at least Wenger knows we were shitty ??
I feel dumb for not making the Sopranos connection but that's what we have tv critics for.
I feel really intimidated by the connections people have already made
I feel really sick and I have a 2 hour car journey ahead of me?
I feel very hurt that I wasn't invited today @DwayneForsman
I feel worse than shit
If Gabe Kapler is named the Dodgers ' new manager, the bandwagon is gonna tip over with thirsty ass hoes.
If guys wanna leave early let them go. If they don't then that's awesome. Not a subject to get mad about. Kids make bad decisions.
If I actually " spoke my mind, " I'd be in deep shit.
if i didn't have Twitter i would explode on someone. possibly literally. it's a need to release anonymous frustration about people & things.
If I don't get Adele's new CD for my birthday or Christmas I will be devastated.
If I don't like you then I'll tell you don't assume because half the time I could careless about you.
If I gave a shit, it would be on your face.
If I get shushed one more damn time in this class imma flip shit #you #not #my #momma @d_harp__
if i had a dollar for every assignment ive failed in physics
If I know more than you, then your in big trouble. #Painful #FactsAboutMe
if I made a game with a person who fights with candy, with the word candy in it. i am infringing on your copyrights?
If I said I missed you that would be an understatement.
If it is not right do not do it, if it is not true do not say it.
If it's really hard for you to not be an asshole, don't reply to anything they post ever.
If kids drown at sea, that will be on your conscience.
If my cat fucked up my Christmas I'd have him put down. #Sainsburys
I freaking hate my math class ??
If Tanji Don't Come For Thanksgiving I Swear I'll Spazz.
if the Keeping Up With The Kardashians premier thinks it's going to interrupt my Walking Dead schedule tonight they're so wrong omg
if there's one thing I could not handle in the jungle it's those fuck off massive spiders
if there's one thing i hate, it's children yelling and screaming. this time it's outside my apartment
If there's something I hate in this life, It has to be people who even having a thought of someone else while they are in a relationship.
If they ever take Clueless off Netflix I will be devastated.
If they followed the word of Mohammed your whorish ass would be put to death. Sharia law isn't for Women's rights.
if u cant see yo feet how u gone hurt me
i fucked up i fucked up so bad and i'm going to hell
I fucking hate being sick
I fucking hate my reading teacher literally he's an idiot man
I FUCKING HATE THE WEEABOOS IN MY COMPUTING CLASS
I fucking hate this class
i fucking hate this, im so sick of living
I fucking swear Nike sells shit for only a week cus I could never find anything
I fukin Hate Kenner son. I made a payment tf I needa see a judge for? Fuk it I'll juss go home skoop da loot n pay ya off kompletely
If u plagiarize u will get caught, and you don't want it to be by me
If we learn to be aware of feelings w/o grasping or aversion, we can feel them and move on.
If women's rights were taken away, would ISIS still hate us?
If y'all been chillin for years & have never made it official & he/she says it's because they're not ready, it ain't happening boo #Breathe
If yo neck hurt that bad you don't need to be going no where
iF you ain't built for this shit, then go get cha weight up nigga.
If you aren't old enough to vote I don't care to hear your scintillating political opinion. #stopwiththepseudointelligence
If you cheat on me, Fuck you. Fuck your sorry. Fuck what we had. Fuck your mind. Fuck your guilt. Just die hoe.
If you do not benefit my life in any kind of way then I could careless about you
if you do not have baby hair, stop trying to make that shit happen. ?? it's not cute and you look dumb.
If you don't have anything nice to say, tweet that shit.
if you don't look at your grades, you don't have anything to worry about
if you don't love & adore my crazy, chaotic, but SO incredible family as much as I do, I can't be with you.
If you ever feel bad about yourself remember that Lady Gaga and Nicki Minaj posted these selfies intentionally
If you got butt hurt about that tweet, tweet me and I'll explain it more
if you have a dick I'm probably really intimidated by you
If you have a problem with me... Tell me. Not everyone else.
If you have never seen private practice, you aren ´t allowed to hate on Amelia. Just watch before judge. #GreysAnatomy
If you haven't listened to Erroll Garner's Complete Concert by the Sea yet, you should interrupt your schedule now and do so.
If you have to worry about your bf hitting up other girls when you get into arguments, he don't love you.
If you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood and sweat and tears.
If you intentionally set your neighbor's house on fire & refuse to let him stay with you as he rebuilds, you're an asshole.
If your bestfriend doesn't make you laugh out loud through text is that really your bestfriend?
If you're a grown ass man, rolling around the streets of NYC on a Razor scooter, you should roll yourself into oncoming traffic
If you're having a bad day here is a picture of a baby in a penguin suit
If you're having a bad day here's baby pandas going down slides ??
If you're having a bad day, just know that this poor guy got hit by a tire
if you're having a bad day just look at these sEA LIONS
If you're having a bad day, just remember that it will get worse and you're ugly
If you're having a bad day, open this. #MTVStars One Direction
If you're having a bad day, remember Idi Amin made White journalists kneel to him & raise hands if they had questions
if you're having a bad day, remember, there are people out there who have their ex's name tattooed on themselves. #life
If you're having a bad day so far, watch this.
If you're having a bad day, think about my snapchat
If you're having a bad day, watch this
IF YOURE HAVING A BAD DAY WATCH THIS VIDEO OF MONKEYS RACING ??
If you're scared, just be scarier than whatever is scaring you! " -Thumper (Bambi )
If your girl bad af she's gonna get hit on at least twice a day No bitch gone curve 730 niggas a year
If your having a bad day, watch my mum x
If your not at Ohio state this weekend then you just suck
If zayn was a real person I would be really intimidated by him
If ?ou are having a bad day
I get off work to see Carolina shitty asses lost to northern Iowa ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
I get really sarcastic and philosophical when doing readings that aren't 100 % intersectional feminism the whole time
Ignorance Is Contagious
I got my stepdad the wrong thing from chipotle cause I don't know what carne asada is... #whitepeopleproblems
I got really bored so I put Disney tattoos on ????
I got so much shit to say, but I can't help feeling like I'm camouflage.
I gotta go yo. I gotta get away and release this frustration
I GOTTA TAKE A SHOWER SO ILL BE A LITTLE BEHIND WHEN IM WATCHING THE #AMAS SO IM NOT GONNA TWEET TILL IM CAUGHT UP
I got the shocker of my life when i failed a couse in my 1st year, i decided to change to law but it did'nt work out #thegirlentrepreneur
I got this I've been up way longer with no sleep
I got " Women's rights expert! " on " How much do you know about violence against women? " on Qzzr. What about you?
i guess i'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all
I guess I'm stuck babysitting ??
I had to go hang the washing outside and bro it's so hot I had to put sunscreen on ffs #whitepeopleproblems
I #hate #5thGrade #math! It was difficult enough the 1st time around, now I'm supposed to tell my kid how to do it? #yeahright
I hate all the blonde people in my comm. tech class
I hate all you Barron parents that complained.
i hate being compared to someone else
I hate being judged by people who have never even said one word to me.
I hate being one of those people that wants everyone to get along because I always look incredibly stupid, & it's never gonna happen.
I hate being sick
I hate being sick af bc I literally do nothing all day. And I had a lot to do today ??
I hate being sick and I hate doctors ??
I hate being sick because it makes my septum icky.
I hate being sick because it puts me in a bad mood
I hate being sick Fr
I hate being sick ?? ?? had to miss today
I hate being sick I be looking high asf man ?? ?? ??
I hate being sick! I don't get sick, but when I do it's the worst! ??
I hate being sick. I dont like kool fever ??
I hate being sick I wanted to see ATL tonight ??
I hate being sick #MTVStars 5 seconds of summer
I hate being sick OMG ??
I hate being sick, this I stupid.
i hate blaming myself for shit i shouldnt be blaming myself for
I hate buying feminine products! How am I supposed to know if this is the right kind of broom or not?
I hate cleaning my room because I always find things that I shouldn't have in my room.. Smh.
I hate coming to school sick
I hate cramps. I hate headaches. I hate being tired. I hate being on my period! ???? #HeresToBeingFemale #Not
I hate days when I have to go places and do stuff.
I hate English. this class actually sucks
i hate everyone in my science class
I hate getting in my moods, then I have anger towards every one ??.
I hate getting sick ??
I hate getting sick I hate medicine ?? ??
I hate going to sleep. but when I do... I never want to wake up.
I Hate Gossiping Bitches! I Could Careless About You Wanting A Kid By A Bitch Boy! ??
I hate guys who take a long time to text back!
i hate half the kids in my music theatre class
I hate hate hate being sick ??
I HATE HAVING A FRIDAY CLASS
I hate having this boring 2hour computer class block
I hate hidden valley ranch
I HATE HIM AND AM SO SICK OF SEEING HIM
i hate homophobic people more than i hate my german teacher
I hate Hour long bus rides
I hate how a majority believe that when a girl's silent she's falling apart crying inside over thinking but maybe she's just hungry
I hate how every teacher thinks we should have a test in their class before break
I hate how I let the dumbest things bother me sometimes.
i hate how i miss people who turned out to be really shitty to me
I hate how I'm stuck babysitting on Saturday's and I'm not allowed to go out on Sunday's ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
I hate how judgmental people are, we all sin, I'm not perfect an neither are you. Don't judge my sin, all sins are all equal in Gods eyes.
I hate how people don't really know you, but they judge you anyways.
I HATE HOW PEOPLE JUDGE HIM AND ALL JUST LOOK AT HIM
I hate how people judge our relationship.
I hate how this phone keeps disconnecting the wifi when I go to my next class Why not stay on
?? ?? ?? I Hate It
i hate it how i can give everybody advice but i cant even follow my own damn advice
I hate it when I actually do my homework and the teacher doesn't check it.
I hate it when I don't forward a chain mail and I die the next day.
I hate it when I get a boner in class and it flips my desk
I hate it when I lose something and know it's around the house somewhere! #HidenSeek #Not
I hate it when i meow at cats and they dont meow back. Unbelievably rude.
I hate it when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I think someone's shouting my name.
I hate it when I'm singing a song and the artist gets the words wrong.
I hate it when Im singing a song and the artist keeps messing up the words.
I hate it when I'm wearing my apple bottom jeans and I can't find my boots with the fur.
I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head and the other person doesn't follow the script.
I hate it when I think I'm buying ORGANIC vegetables but when I get home I discover they're just REGULAR donuts
I hate it when meetings interrupt my @NoonerDanMarty listening schedule
I HATE IT WHEN MY BLACK CLOTHES ARE DIFFERENT SHADES OF BLACK AND THEY DONT MATCH
i hate it when people are mad at me and dont tell me the reason why
I hate it when people don't hate people I hate.
i hate it when people judge thru social media
I hate it when people see me in my worst state
I hate it when teachers say " From all this talking, I assume you're done. " From all this complaining, I assume you're single.
i hate it when you sit down and your legs flatten out to approximately the size of australia
I hate jaywalkers
i hate knowing that i have to wake up for fuckin school tomorrow
I hate life at the moment I suck and I'm stupid I was inactive the whole weekend Cus of stupid exams -Luc
I hate lying to kids but my daughter asked me what twerking was and I told her it was when identical twins go to each others ' jobs
i hate missing people who turned out to be really shit to me
I hate most of the people in my math class
I hate my art class... With all my heart.
i hate my chemistry class dude ?? ??
I hate my class. I hate my teacher. I hate school. Ugh ??????
I hate my english class
I hate my history teacher so much, can she chill for a minute
I hate my job. My boss is Ugly but I need the money! -Sincerly everyone
I hate my next class so much ??
I hate my orientation class & my teacher. She's a nuisance.
I hate my other class. I always get grouped with the people that end up dropping ??
i hate my teacher sm what study guide? whëre?
I Hate Not Feeling Good, I Haven't Eaten All Day ??
I hate packing my clothes and i don't even know what to bring and where to place them. #LipatApartmentProblem #LazyProblem
I hate people who say one thing but actions show another ??
I hate people who say they hate someone, but they hang out with them all the time.
I hate people who steal my ideas, before I think of them.
I hate riding the train in the morning, Jesus it's always packed
I hate school it's so stressful and you have to wear pants.
I HATE SMA Idk can you? BITCH I WILL SHIT ON YOUR DESK AND POKE YOUR TIRES!
i hate snake
I hate texting people first. It makes me feel annoying, awkward, and unwanted.
I hate that anger issues is a thing that runs in my family
I hate that I have to go to work I'm still sick af
I hate that my baby is sick ??
I hate that my math teacher doesn't put our grades online, we have to figure it out.
I hate that my tutor tells me one thing and my teacher tells me another thing. Really makes my head hurt.
I hate that one kid who always uses the whole class to finish there test
I hate the moment when suddenly my anger turns into tears
I hate the part of the morning where I have to actually get out of bed and participate in real life.
I hate the people in this class
i hate the smell of freshly washed blankets
i hate the students in my class rn
I hate the thought of being drunk now it makes me feel sick
I hate this class.
I hate this class bruh ??
I hate this damn class
?? ?? ?? I hate this dude
I hate this teacher already
I hate those 1d stans at my school that bullied me bc im the only belieber in my class and they said purpose is flop how about now bitches
I hate to bring my cell phone with me when I go to the bathroom.
I hate to judge people.. But I will be ruthless to anyone who would vote for Alma Moreno. Seriously.
I hate to judge people on " shebi they said you did it ". It's myopic.
I hate to say it but those you judge others or claim they're the bigger man never are. By replying is stepping down to that level
I hate Twitter!
I hate waking up early and falling back asleep
I hate waking up sick ??
I hate waking up to texts, replying and falling back asleep. I literally do it everyday too
I hate waking up to this shit. I should really go to the doctors and check it out
I hate when bitches under arms be way darker than them that shit so dirty to me
I HATE WHEN BLACK CLOTHES ARE A KINDA DIFFERENT TYPE OF BLACK AND IT DOESNT MATCH
I hate when girls don't kiss until the 3rd date. It makes the sex on the first two dates so impersonal.
I hate when girls tweet about their relationship ALL DAY.. Bitch, no one gives a fuck if your boyfriend bought you a bagel!
I hate when I buy a bag of air and there's chips in it ?? #not
I hate when I come all the way to class for NOTHING ?? ?? ??
I hate when I don't forward a chain letter, and then I die the next day.
I hate when I forget something I really wanted to say.
I hate when I get sick
I hate when I have to go to the bank on a Friday! It's always packed.
I hate when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I'm hearing my name being called.
I hate when I'm sick cause I start coughing to where I start gagging ??
I hate when I oversleep at work and get home late.
i hate when my anger turns into tears
I hate when my baby is sick
I hate when my congressman emails me to " take action " on an issue. Dude, you're the one in congress, you do something.
I hate when my mom makes me drive her places bc all she does is judge my driving
I hate when old people poke me at weddings, point and whisper, 'You're next. ' So I've started doing the same thing to them at funerals.
I hate when people deny how they feel when it's obvious.
I hate when people judge other religions based off of things they've heard.
I hate when people lie to me. But what pisses me off the most is when people think I'm dumb enough to believe it.
I hate when people make out being a single parent as such a terrible thing?! Or Judge? YOU NEVER KNOW why a person is where they are in life
i hate when people say haters are motivators wtf no i cry whenever i find out someone hates me
I hate when people tell me I'm short as if I don't already know. Like no way I swear I was tall yesterday, this is news to me #NOT
I hate when people who know NOTHING but JUDGE.
I hate when she on her period ??
I hate when someone's about to tell you something then they say " nevermind. " I mean no, you brought it up, now you have to say it.
I hate when the teacher stands next to my desk while I'm answering my exam.
I hate when websites asks " Are you human? ".. No I'm a Alien.
I hate when you are waiting for the bus and someone asks Has the bus come yet?. If the bus came would I be standing here, dumbass?
I Hate When You Ask A Nigga A? & He Responds w/ " huh " ?????? ?? ?? ??
I hate when you talk to someone every single day & then it just stops. All of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other ever again.
I hate you @lelepons
I hate you so much it makes me sick,
I have 13 songs to learn this week fuck me
I have 2 cats, and they are always disturb me when i do my home work. Bite my book ar maybe bring my pen to outside with their mouth
I have a habit of waking up then falling back to sleep
I have a really sarcastic personality
I have become something that I hate #not
i have been more emotionally hurt this year than i have been physically, maybe i should go rock climbing or something.
I have naked 2, 3 and smoky. I'm just missing naked palette 1 #urbandecay #obsessed
I HAVE NEVER LAUGHED SO MUCH
I have never laughed so much in my entire life
I have never laughed so much #TheJRShow
I have never laughed so much while watching an interview ??
I have no idea what this is but Nutella is my biggest weakness.. I needa try this so badly
I have no problem with you until you say or do something to my bestfriend.
I have not even had my cat for 24 hours and she's already missing... but I think she's still a little scared so she's just hiding
I haven't laughed this hard in a while
I have so many they won't even fit in this box. Wtf am I doing with my life?
I have so much hate and anger in me ??... I needa drink tonight
I have the worst sore throat ??
i have the worst sore throat ?? and my head hurts. this sucks
I have to get up... ):
I have to make a decision because I don't want to get caught in a cycle
I have to use a stupid android until Christmas ):
I have to worst canker sore on my tongue ??
i have two days of school this week and i am wearing sweat pants for both of those days i dont even care anymore
I just failed my physics test ??
i just get sick a lot. but this will be the first time in almost a year that i've gotten really sick ;;
I just got sad because I thought I had to do my home work but then I remembered that I don't #CHEMCLUB
I just keep waking up & falling back to sleep ??
I just think Fisher doesn't want to get caught up in all of this.
I just woke up from a nap, im getting food with Morgan and then napping again and I have no shame
I just woke up with the worst sore throat ever kms
I keep taking 15 minute naps, waking up, and then falling back asleep this is so unhealthy
I keep waking up and falling back asleep
I keep waking up and falling back asleep Bc I can't stay awake
I Killed the B****
i knew i matured when i realized every situation doesn't need a reaction, sometimes you just gotta leave people to do the dumb shit they do
I knew this weekend was going to suck
I know I'm not the only one who regrets the things they've done
I know I'm sick I'm fat so I starve I'm numb so I cut I'm tired of being me so I hate myself
I know it could happen BUT IVE NEVER HEARD OF A MEXICAN GETTING ALCOHOL POISONING
i know that look, i know her, i believe her. " vs. " regina stop youre scaring marian.
I know this bitch don't have on kitten heels. ??
I legit hate when Carlos is really sick
I limit my cat to no more than 2 cups a day and no sugar!
I literally hate almost everyone today.. #badday #nothappy #thissucks #ugh ??
I literally hate mainstream hardcore and all you fuckers who rep it. rest in shit. so sick of being polite
I literally have no idea what sexuality I am and I couldn't care less
I literally just got stuck babysitting
Ill blow yo fucking phone up not so you know its real but so you know im fucking crazy ??
Ill burn a bowl and cook pancakes and bacon for you at 3 in the mornin ' so you know its real.. Lmbo
I'll I wanna do is get breakfast and smoke. But no one's up.. what a shame #EggsAndHash
I'll never get over how stupid android emojis look
I'll pay someone to pass this test for me
I'll pick you up at 7, I'll be the one flaring my nostrils uncontrollably
Ill probably be a while u diks
I looked out the window and i was shocked the snow actually stood and didnt melt like i thought it would. Didnt feel cold enough.
I lose so much hair in the shower
I LOST 18 POINTS BC SOMEONE HAD SHITTY CONNECTION
I lost 3 followers recently but i have tracked them down using
I lost my id I'm shitty
i lost the box to charge my phone. ?? ??
I lost the voicemail that Brody left me in February of our junior year. So that's how my day is going. #heartbroken ??
I low key get really intimidated when the gym is filled with a bunch of guys
I'm a bitch for harry with men
I'm about tired of you basic bandwagon hoes coming at me.
I'm actually furious about my teeth I had braces for 2 years, got them off around 3/4 years ago and they're moving back worse than before
Imagine all extra dried-up boogers the Ford people will find compared to the lazy folks at Nissan!
I'm agressively eating carrots at 7pm because I need to finish all my food before I leave tomorrow #challengeaccepted
Im already having a bad day and im not. Even at school yet
I'm already stressed, I don't need anyone coming to me with their negative conversations.
I'm already too stressed I don't need any of this shit!
I'm alr stressed. You don't need to add on to it. Enough is enough
I'm always in trouble bc my family doesn't get my REALLY SARCASTIC personality
I'm always laying in the dark listening to depressing music ??
Ima make something to one of these tuff ass beats @CeejayDaDon sent me
I'm annoyed with Twitter so I'm going to shower then watch OUAT for the rest of the night
I'm a really sarcastic person, you either get it or you don't
I'm broke and boring #onhere and #offhere
I'm buying a hamster & keeping it in my closet sorry mom #sneaky #fucku
I'm catching a cold :/
I'm cooking and entire thanksgiving dinner solo this year... to say I'm nervous is an understatement.. #ChallengeAccepted ??????
@ImDaddyyNow The struggle must have been too real. HOLLABACK
?? im dead ass serious right now ??
I'm dead when your sister tries to be a dancer ?? ??
Im disappointment in you @kyle_park cause you didn't sing my favorite song, but hey you knew who I was ??
@Im_Disco_bear @Musa12302//Im not awesome enough and plus I wouldn't want you to
I'm full of shit these days, this is me telling you now
I'm getting really sick & tired of this shit
I'm going to be tired as hell Wednesday
im going to sleep early tonight bc im So Tired
I'm going to start making videos again, because I have nothing to do :P
I'm going to the doctor later bc my boob hurts & I didn't tell my dad I said I'm going to costa + I didn't tell my mum either is that bad
im gonna eat minion shaped mac &cheese to express my anger with how much i hate those little fuckers
I'm gonna miss these long bus rides with my brothers ??
im gonna take a long ass nap when i get home
im ignored by many people. #BestFeelingEver #Blessed #totallynotsarcasm
im in a love/hate relationship w everyone i just bring out the anger in people
I'm incredibly annoyed that I'm gonna have to sit through lunch during 4th and 5th this year. I'll probably just stay in class and be a nerd
I'm in my dentist's waiting room practicing my lies about flossing.
I'm in such a bad mood, sorry about it. #not
I'm in the worst pain ever ?? #sore #pain
I missed Shawn sing stitches on the red carpet bc I was eating dinner. now I have to shower so I'll miss even more of the AMAs UGH
I miss getting in the car with you not knowing where we were going just being with you.
I miss going out in the rain with my bathing suit and umbrella to catch lizards
I miss marching season and the long bus rides that came with it ??
I miss my cat more than anyone tbh
I miss my lil tan I had a few months ago ?? #WhitePeopleProblems
i miss my long hair ?
I miss my long hair more than anything ?? ??
I miss waking up in the middle of the night and rolling over and just falling back asleep on your big chest ?? ?? ??
i miss you but fuck you
I miss you so much can't wait till u come to highschool ?? ?? ?? — Omg who is this
I'm just 17 I don't need to be worried or stressed over a guy
I'm just a really sarcastic person and if you can't handle that, than we probably shouldn't be friends
I'm just really sick and tired of being the only one my mom can depend on for money.
I'm just really sick and tired of people bitching about anime prices. It's not overpriced, you're just cheap and not willing to THINK.
im literally gonna cry so hard at work bc its my work husbands last day ?? ?? ??
I'm literally surrounded by kids that I hate in this English class AHHAHAHHAHAH
I'm lowkey everything you need, you're just dumb right now.
imma need ajay to respond so i can release my frustration
i'm never going to understand people who are desperate for ships to happen
im never in a happy mood anymore
I'm Never In A Relationship. Always On That " Just Talking " Shit, Which Goes Nowhere ?? ?? #BlackMafia
I'm not a doctor but I love prescription drugs. Would I get a prescription pad or at least be left alone wit drugs?
I'm not a fan of the demographics to which I seem to appeal (creepy old men, middle-aged married guys, etc ). How do I fix this?
I'm not a fan so? Man shitty Lost too ?? ?? ??
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do my home work.
I'm not antisocial, I just enjoy my own company.
I'm not convinced that @tomfriedman could pass a Turing test.
I'm not even going to bother trying to dress up for school i'll just throw on a jacket and sweat pants smh
I'm not feeling good ????
I'm not hungry but I will continue to eat because I'm bored and have nothing else to do : a saga by me, starring me
I'm not in a happy mood today I should be in a happy mood
I'm not looking forward to september... can't we just skip it? :/
I'm not okay but I smile.
I'm not positive all the time. Being conscious and aware makes that impossible. However I am authentic
I m not the best student cheated over 6 times in test didn t do my home work 5 times in 1 year dind t go to school 11 times
I'm on a stupid android ??
Im proper looking forward to presentation evening but my dress doesnt sit right on ny shoulders and now im panicking ://
I'm really intimidated by my professor because she has her own Wikipedia page and I don't think I'll ever be able to compete with that.
I'm really intimidated by the ocean and all of its unknowns but the thought of landlocked states scares the life out of me.
I'm really intimidated by this bird
I'm really intimidated that you pulled over to fucking fight me
im really not okay today
I'm really sarcastic
I'm really sarcastic don't mind me and my faux rudeness
i'm really sick of it. of everything that hurts. no point of having a phone nor switching it on when there isn't anybody left at all.
I'm sending jr ass to school with sweat pants on!
I'm shaking wtf is wrong with me
I'm shocked about how cold it is in LHS, because it's students have literally no chill
I'm shocked #NOT
i'm sick but i obviously hate myself bc last night i stayed up until 6am reading fics and being disgusting
I'm sitting at Dunkin ' Donuts watching people just get nowhere in the parking lot. It's scaring me.
I'm so bored idk what to do and I need to finish my homework
I'm so damn hungry. Is it lunch time yet?
I'm so embarrassed #omg
I'm so frustrated... I don't know how to release my frustration.
Im so fucking sick i hate this
I'm so fucking stressed I don't need this
I'm so full of frustration today I need some sort of release
I'm so hurt rn we're fighting
I'm so mad at my cat for chewing up my ear phones because now I have to listen to these stupid fucks
I'm Soo sleepy ??, I keep waking up & falling back to sleep.. Just to stay up with my baby ?? ??
Im so Peeved. I hate my math teacher so much
I'm sorry, but the last time i checked, the girl is supposed to be more high maintenance. Not guys. #AnnoyedTweet ??
I'm sorry for doing a slow clap after you told me your boyfriend broke up with you
Im sorry, i cant. Cigarette break
I'm so sensitive that I cry for everything but I'm a mean ass bitch who can careless about you
I'm so sick of forgetting everything I hate this
I'm so sorry if my crossing the street in that crosswalk was so offensive to you. Jerk Drivers!
I'm so tired of girls using me for sex.
I'm so tired that I don't even feel like taking a shower
I'm so ugly I should just go to sleep and try again tomorrow
Im starting to think commando was a bad idea
I'm still shocked that I have tattoos ??
i'm such a boring person, smh
I'm the type of girlfriend that will lick your face when you are angry and trying to have a serious conversation.
I'm the type of person that will let everything build up until I can't take nomore, so when I cry, I don't even know what I'm crying about.
I'm the worst at texting if I don't want you!
I'm thinking of making really sarcastic cards. Maybe i should do that for a living.
im ti red and i didnt do any schoolwork this weekend i suck gnite
I'm tired of waiting for something that will never happen, ever.
I'm traveling internationally in January and I really don't need to or have the time to be stressed out in the airport.
I'm tryna see the other side that she hides with her eyes.. #MovingCool. X. Ess
I'm tweeting too much. I'm sorry. I'm gonna take a cigarette break.
Im watching the Halloween bobs burgers and its even scaring me wth
I'm wide awake (katy ) ??it's 2 am (TS )! but seriously though, I need to go to sleep now.
In 2007 this piece of garbage was arrested for dogfighting but got off on a technicality. This time the dumb
In a losing effort I see why @psrice5 is a finalist for 1A Mr. Football, he's legit. Looking forward to watching him next year already.
In case you it has escaped your notice the last time... I hate being sick, I have no idea HOW to be sick, I am a melodramatic mess.
in case you were having a bad day
In Costa Coffee a wee kid at the next table has annoyed his big brother. Mum demands he says sorry 'and MEAN it '
@Independent @BullshineBilly The 19 year old baby should've got done for wasting police time ffs
I need a job or something tired of sitting in the house all day everyday ??
I need a sound bite of Aisha Tyler shouting " yuuuuuup " in that really sarcastic way from archer
I Need To Be Sleep Cause My Ass Gotta Get Up In The Morning For Work In Shit ?? ??
i need to fight or kickbox or cry or something i need to release all this frustration
I need to get my shit together.
I need to go see mocking jay pt 2 this weekend or I suck at life
I need to hurry up & leave ain tryna be behind no school buses
I need to release some frustration.
I need to release so much frustration toward s my art clas s im angry
I need to shower but I'm so lazy
I need to stop being shocked over uncompassionate, cold hearted people because they will never go away
I need to watch what I say cause I always say the wrong thing and end up crying my self to sleep. Goodnight ??
i never laughed so much during an interview and it's half 1pm i'm probably wayy to loud omg
I never laughed so much in my life
I never liked popcorn until I got braces ?? ??. #rebel
I never realized how easily I get distracted
In high school : takes time to get dressed College : wtf are jeans? Didn't I just have my sweat pants in my hand!?
@_InLightInMe just having a reallllly shitty day
In need to go to the hospital, this is not so good ?? pero #GoUSTe pa din! meh ??
I no have enough money here to order pizza, goddamn
I no longer pull the little hairs at the bottom of my hairline on my neck. Maybe you're the one who gave me anxiety and stressed me out!
In our countries, fundamentalism will grow rapidly, not 4 the sake of serving #Islam ; rather to release frustration of injustices #changing
I now own a Sedu, BabyLiss and GHD iron. I have an addiction to ironing my hair. No shame, no shame ??
Instagram full of children fool!
@integral87 @HannisElephants no get yourself on the plate ) unless you have smth interesting/amusing for me?)
International Shaming Campaign and a text from Dead Father via
@_INTERNETFAMOUS @neightdoan @keyyyruh how is it abusive and controlling that he's angry and hurt his girlfriend cheated on him..?
In the days when I've doubted everything, I've never doubted you
Introverted awkward geniuses are actually very extroverted and eloquent when talking about their craft. #deepthought
Investigators : Pittsfield fire was intentionally set
Investigators say this van was the 3rd fire intentionally set overnight in Auburn
@ioerror @maxkeiser That's the point! There is no real surveilance, there is only data mining and scaring the crap out of regular people!
I officially hate my life. And my schedule.
I pretend I don't care but deep down, I really still don't care.
I really don't care about a lot of things, but when I do care, I care too much.
I really don't need this. especially not now. I'm already stressed enough and this is just making everything worse.
I really don't need to be this stressed
I really hate being sick! Ugh
I really hate how my teacher won't round my 57 % up to an A
I really hate Ms. Cagles class
I really missed Wayne.
I really need to figure out how to stop losing wallets full of cash tho. Idk wtf is wrong with me.
I really need to get a dictaphone though because I usually get home and because I've been writing so fast I can't read it HA
I really need to rant about something
I really sick at this whole getting up thing
I reeeeeally fuckin hate this class!
I release any anger and frustration I have with Life & I remember that Life mirrors my vibration. #wisdomink
i remember arguing for Kane n Lukaku, now i guess i dont have to say much
I remember being such a mess when we first met. I was lost, confused, heartbroken, and damaged
#ironic unreal bullshit megamega bullshits the biggest bs ever thats all im writin take it personaly or take cup ofbritish tea
I say things out of anger and I hate that I do it
Is coach blind or will Withey be the first man of the bench soon? Booker needs to be restricted until he can figure out this funk he's in
I see 2 girls on my TL having a very awkward conversation
I see niggas tweet the most out of pocket shit on here wtf be wrong with yall just put anything on the Internet
I seriously need sleeping pills or something.
I seriously need to watch what I say ??
I shall not be set up for the kill tonight! ??
I shaved one leg and not the other because I'm too lazy.
i shaved one leg but got lazy and left the second one so one leg is smooth an the other is hairy af
I should fix my sleep schedule, doesn't do good for me
I shouldn't have laughed.
I should probably go to sleep now but nah
I should sleep, but I cant. I really want to see the #ShadowhuntersPoster first ??
I shouldve just left school at 1:00 i hate this class young ??
I shut ppl out when i feel boxed in i carry my family troubles on my back
ISIS does something terrible, and thrust of is that the American people have done something.
Is it bad I don't trust the lady making my cake ?? so nervous about it
Is it bad that I'm really looking forward to the banquet on Saturday because it allows me to dress up?
Is it me.. Or shouldn't lap tops by now stop freezing? #computers #stress
Is it wrong to revisit a relationship if you know that person is moving in June? #whitepeopleproblems #relationships #fuckedupthinking
Islam's not a religion, race, nor a State, they're a cult so we all be Muslim they been practicing for 1000's of years, no room 4 them & USA
I smoke too much but it is what it is no shame in my game
is not easily relayed in #writing. At any rate, it has no place in #BusinessWriting.
Isn't nyquil supposed to make you sleepy or some shit? Wtf bro.
I so failed my physics project
I SOUND SO CREEPY IN PEOPLES DMS IM SORRY BUT IM NOT THAT TYPA PERSON
i spent several minutes yesterday having a serious conversation with someone about the theoretical size of speed-o -sound sonic's dick
Israeli colonel arrested in Iraq while fighting in the ranks of EI
Is she swearing or is my tv being dumb ??
Is stress in the corporate world different? #business #success #stress #freedom #tips
Is the anger we feel at terrorists now similar to the anger that resides inside them? Is hate the answer? or this -
is there a delay on a Selena Gomez performance? or is that just my TV being dumb?
is there a drown ur neighbours kids simiulator?
Is there anything actually more awkward than a school bus full of children pulls up next to you & they're all staring at you?
Is there anything Go Jun Hee doesn't look good in?
Is there anything worse than waking up at 7, falling back to sleep for a few minutes and waking up at 10
I still remember having a conversation with about how awkward I am Ignore my face I was dying inside
I study ? I take the test ? I pass it ? I forget what I learned.. "
I suck at texting unless : I am in a relationship with you - You are my mom - I need something - Me and you are close as fuck
I suffer from paranoid-schizophrenic indifference. I really don't care what the voices in my head are saying behind my back.
I swear
I swear all I do when I'm home is catch up on my sleep ??
I swear @haley_pickett32 sends me the weirded stuff ??
I swear he could be modeling hair shampoo one day. Just look at his hair #MTVStars One Direction
I swear he so bipolar. ??
i swear I am always sick it don't matter what the weather is... i hate it.
I swear I be in my own world
I swear ; I can never stay home at night.. i go crazy
I swear I drink too much crown
i swear if comm bullshits me on this assignment
I swear I feel so fat & lazy BC of what i ate yesterday. This workout kickn my ass
I swear I have the weirdest bf ever ??
I swear imma crash when I get home. I'm mf tyed. ??
i swear im not high im just tired
i swear i suffer so much with this performance
i swear i think of so much shit in the shower
I swear keyshia cole had everyone and they momma feelin come type of way
I swear Mrs. dunbach just whispered " I hate this class "
I swear my local gas station waits until I get gas, then lowers the price an hour later just to piss me off. #jerks #whitepeopleproblems
I swear sleep is more of a necessity in college then food is. #RealTalk
I swear this bitch takes a cigarette break every 10 mins #wtf
I swear this me and Rickey
I swear when a girl doesn't like you, she watches your every movehey bitch ?? ??
I swear y'all, I will text you back faster and more often when I get a phone
@italboys honeymoon will probably be in Margate if we have to pay for it #workbenefits
It became winter in one night. This is scaring me
It does in fact get cold in winter, why are you shocked
I tell you about these tuff tony ass bitches, bitches do not want me to put they ass out there how they was hiding ?? ?
I text " Hey, Whats up? " before falling asleep so you know its real.
I think I dreamed about waking up and doing things, followed by waking up for real and falling back asleep about 5 times this morning
I think I drink too much last night because I did not feel like getting up for work!
I think im sick. I hate this shit mann.
i think i should sleep early tonight since ive to do sth and wake up at 9 or my new semester will be a failure
I think I think too much so ima stop thinkin. I think I drink too much I ain't gon stop drinkin.
I think that's exactly the difference she's pointing out. Beat writers do face real consequences when they become critical.
I think the muppets tv show is kind of dumb but I would watch it after that commercial #AMAs
I think the wording in this article should have been changed 'worse ' implies that it is negative behaviour.
I think you should sleep and crush your exams.
I thought I could deal with the inner pain but that on the outside hurts far more.
i thought i knew what i was doing on this physics quiz but we're reviewing and i. failed absolutely
It hurts my feelings when I'm being talked down to... Especially when it's from someone I love... ??
It is mostly used to disregard legitimate behaviours/feelings that girlfriend has. She's not " psycho " simply for being angry or needy etc
@it_is_Patricia i hate them I get sick of them just by the smell
It just makes me not want to go anywhere until I finish stupid ass homework just so you would leave me alone
it makes me really sad that my bf has a stupid android and can't see this emoji. this emoji is life
It makes me sad & angry when I from trans men that they can't find girlfriend cos of their genitals.
I told this girl lets get naked and she said " which palette " my nigga that curve hurt my soul
I told Vader not to take Luke swimming. Then he got pushed in the pool. Didn't end well.
I totally failed my physics exam today.. ??
it really makes me sad that i can't just throw on a sweat shirt and leggings for school anymore
I tried fantasy sports this weekend. My 8 players were projected for 108. 4 pts but only got 62. 2. :( I suck.
It's 5:43 AM I keep waking up and falling back asleep and now I can't sleep ?? ?? ??
It's about to be shark week so if y'all don't want to get caught in the wrath then stay tf away. ??
it's actually not scorching hot down here for once. It'll probably turn back into hell soon tho
It's all about punctuation. " Eat me a **hole! " says I'm a horny pirate. " Eat me, a **hole! " says I'm just a jerk.
Its all these corny ugly bitch that wanna beef wit me ?? ?? ?? ?? ??bye bitch ??
It's always packed in here, ugh
It's a real shitty day
It's a shame because our last name is the same, that blood type flowin thru our veins is the same
It's a shame my own gf doesn't wanna smoke this meth with me ?? ??
It's a shame when people have some dope glass but smoke nothing but reggo
It's august. Why the hell is it so cold?
It's bad enough insulting another artist about things that aren't relevant to talent, but using gay as an insult is disgusting
It's bad enough to beg for attention but begging for negative attention is way worse. #CheckYaself #NotAGoodLook
@its_breannaa I'm not creepy lol
It scares when you lose your bestfriend and becomes from the strangers.
@itsconquest report this shit
It's crazy how someone can be your bestfriend one day, then the next day they continuously talk shot about you. It's whatever tho. ??
It's crazy how you can give everything you got to someone and they could careless about you
it's Crazy! i can get 25000 twitter followers just 1 day! visit here and discover the secret.
It's crazy that In N Out is ALWAYS packed
It's depressing to watch the gas prices rise as I drive home ??
It seems all week it will be raining everywhere as it has caused flooding around and this is not so good this term #BBCWeather
@ItsEllisBee Fear is the path to the Dark Side. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.
It's extremely difficult to hold back the flow of feelings now... More for Pisces
It's Friday.. I should just sleep my problems away
It's hard to wake up from a nightmare. If you aren't even asleep. @ Art for Life
It's hard watching someone you've known your whole life completely destroy themsleves, because their heartbroken and lost.
@itsherbeautyy k let me kno u don't need to be stressed out yet!
It's hot down here. Then again, it's hot up there now isn't it? Oops. Turns out climate change was actually real. My bad.
@itsjamesgraham Holy Shit James ?? ?? ?? ??
its just been a shitty fucking day. im gonna go take a nap or something
It's kind of my goal before I graduate to knock a kid off a scooter when they decide to cut traffic by driving in the bike lane. ??
it's lunch time ?? ??, nah fr I'm hungry
It's midnight. I didn't do any homework this weekend. Tomorrow's gonna suck. I'm gonna get yelled at for not doing homework. I'm tired
@itsmikevyall @DDBBGAME a lot of people just don't want people back if they were evicted. Has nothing to do with who it is.
Its my birthday bitches... who's gonna start sucking my dick and who's gonna start sucking my balls?
It's my senior year I don't need to be stressed out about shit
It's not a good feeling when you have nobody to ever talk to
Its not because i have all the material things that money can buy doesn't mean I am happy current mood #empty
it's not even a question. That team is full of children. No maturity whatsoever
Its quarter past 1, I'm in a sweat, can't sleep for the life of me and I'm up in less than 6 hours for school, kill me now ??
It's raining ?? weathers gonna suck this weekend ??
It's REALLY scary when you start getting REALLY sick without your parents close ???? #helpme
It's seriously hot down here. It's 77 degrees.
It's shit for most white people too but they're too busy blaming black and brown people for that rather than the government and system
It's so dumb to go back to someone who hurt you.
It's so hard for me to refrain my negative comments about football, but I know that people get so butt hurt about it so I just have to ??
it's so hot down here that i turned the tap on and hot water came out and i said i would prefer it if it just shot out fire ants
It's so weird when Buzzfeed quizzes guess right.
It's s shame that people our age group are worried about the next time they're going to get drunk or smoke whatever.
It's the first time I had downloaded the mp3 and video of a Tagalog song. I had the video on loop and it had me. I cried every time!
It's winter.. in November and people are shocked it's cold/snowing. i can read the future. 6 months from now it will
I turned off my phone because I could not handle the certainty that you were not even trying to talk to me.
@itvnews The fools often can't tell the difference. Walk away, make them beg us for access to our market. No movement no money.
@itvnews this is pure evil why is the world sitting back and letting this happen?
it was johns last day @ work today I am so sad odeon luv x
I unfollowed someone cause they said Jon Snow is dead. I don't need that kind of negativity in my life.
I usually ask girls I'm with to let me see they're music playlist... i dnt giv a fuck abt ur pics.
I've actually never laughed so much watching an interview
I've been going though some shit & been needing somebody to talk to ??
I've been in a shitty mood all day
I've been in Canada for 26 years and im still shocked at how cold I get every year
I've been really sick lately and it's driving me crazy **
I've been really sick lately, and my coworkers at Vietnam constantly remind me to eat, sleep, and not work as much as I do
I've been saying this all along, no way Jon Snow is dead-forever at least
I've been sleeping since 1:00 yesterday, waking up only sporadically for maybe 45 minutes then falling back asleep. This is the life.
I've been waking up and falling back asleep all morning orz
I've had a headache all day that's slowly turned into a migraine ?? laying in the dark and wallowing in self pity it is
I've had them all weekend they freakin suck
I've literally watched 3 seasons of Awkward #NotObessed
I've never laughed so hard in my life @mayajacobb
I've never laughed so hard in such a long ass time
i've never laughed so much
I've never laughed so much ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
I 'VE NEVER LAUGHED SO MUCH
I've never laughed so much at a football game in my life
I've never laughed so much before omfg akjavaga
I've never laughed so much @BethanyHibb ?? ??
I've never laughed so much during a studio session! Hahah! We did tho make a sick tune! @dillonfrancis
I've never laughed so much in 1 night
I've never laughed so much in my life
I 'VE NEVER LAUGHED SO MUCH IN MY LIFE, AND IM IN THE CAR ?? ?? #1DonJonathanRoss
I've never laughed so much in my life ?? #TheJRShow
I've never laughed so much omg #1DonJonathanRoss
I've never laughed so much ordering a sandwich as I did just now with @zoe_miranduhh
I've trapped some kind of flying velociraptor looking insect beast of death under a glass. Now for my husband to get home and dispose of it.
, I wanna boyfriend so I can cut everybody off ??to bad im single
i wanna go get more but dont want to get caught ??
I was 1A* off being allowed in the academic academy, oh shame!
i was actually so uncomfortable when we watched this movie in english class
i was alwAys really intimidated by katie and now i realise how raTTY she is
I was a rejected member of RUN -DMC. It is to my belief that they could not handle my swagger.
I was going along, even though I hadn't thrown any, saw no one looking and sidestepped into a different section. Got to stay. #sneaky
I was looking forward to the works Christmas do at the idea of fancy dress but now i don't know what to be it's stressing me right out!
I was really intimidated
I was told " The grass is only greener on the other side when you neglect to water your own lawn... "
I was very cautious in the shower this morning, so no need to worry about me, @StateDept
I went out before and a guy got in the lift & suddenly there's the smell of freshly laid carpet. Very strange, it was an office worker.
I went to Build A Bear yesterday to build myself a teddy & @mcmize12 wasn't there to help?
I will have no shame in using it ??
I will never let another guy make me feel as horrible about myself as you did?
I woke up this morning shocked it wasn't cold this morning.
I work hard for the " I just woke up, oh shit I need to be somewhere let me just throw something on " look.
I would add from my own experience : 'pastors have lost the sense of urgency and priority in their personal lives to witness ' #truth 2/2
i would be heartbroken if i lost me too ??????
I would move to Australia, but I'd be really intimidated #MTVStars 5 Seconds of Summer
I would randomly wake up two hours before my alarm rings... It's not like I'm going to sleep early to get enough sleep. Nope. #FML
@Jack_Septic_Eye @YouTube I hate been sick
@jaeceltichick34 if I can find a damn ride
@JairusKhan I don't consider orders regarding Twitter valid. He was arrested for fighting back against being slandered behind a court order.
@James7Thompson_ no you won't because I'm immortal so there's no point
@JaNiaPretty that's why I said temporary shit Ik can't nobody replace you I just needed a Bestfriend at that time & you wasn't talking to me
@Jasmine_gean SHUT UP WE NEED TO WATCH ALL OF THE HUNGER GAMES MOVIE ONE DAY I SAY MONDAY
@JcMorgan14 isn't it the greatest thing ever!?
@jennifersux @cosmicvagina because one of you sluts had a bio that said kill all men
@jennkaszubowski you know you just got put on blast when you can only come back with a grammar correction smh
@JerseyJeff14 @MeliMel_82 u dont have to say it. I already know.. i just didnt like how she tweeted the bears gave us the game when
Jersey Shore is cancelled. How sad.
@Jesse_sDad @hopingforachang The left is devastated
#JessicaJones Not sure why, exactly, we needed four seconds of Kilgrave peeing, but way to make things extra creepy, I guess.
Jewish terrorism in Israel - The plot to blow up a Palestinian school full of children
@jimmyfallon A LOT of us our getting the Spanish broadcast. Not sure where the failure is coming from NBC or cable provider
@J_Leezy93 Bae's stock isn't doing very well bro... You may need to start seeing other [restaurants ]
Job : Nashville TN - Senior Clinical Research Associate Work From Home - Sarah Cannon the global cancer enterp
@_jocyyyc ahaha you guys cant hang #challengeaccepted lol ?? ??
@Joe_Blakemore it doesn't get easier. My mom is really sick too. It sucks. Let me know if you need anything ??
@JoelRahn : If I had no muscle tone I'd wear a tank to the bar ".
@JoeyGraceffa I am about to graduate college and I still have homework on Sunday's :(
@JoeyGraceffa OMG!!! I did the same ?????? and i thought the sun was going to stalk me and kill me ????
@JomTones1: I swear we are 22... Even though we just had a mini nerf war in our room #collegelife #weare12 @kungfuboymec
@JoNorrisBT Two beers and a cup of punch *finally looks at @ChanceLindenBT* I'm sorry Dad and it won't happen again. I'm never having
@JoselCristian_ you must be really sick ?? ?? mix with spirt just incase you throw up
Joseline needs to be restricted!
@JoshuaKJackson I have nothing else to say to you if all you're going to do is insult anyone who disagrees w/ you. #blackjusticeleague
@JoyfulVegan we suck! Matt was sick this weekend. We just swung thru for 20 min Sun. 1 day we'll meet. And the world will never be the same
@jromebro NO MY TV IS DUCKING DUMB UGH
Judge me? Hate me? Talk to others about me in a bad way? Oh hello, I didn't even know you existed.
@JuMosq it's his " schtick " as jimmy Johnson put it. He pretends to be dumb on tv
@JupiterEyed oh nooo stupid android missing iphone emoji ??
Just a small problem. Shit
just bc you have a baby by somebody doesn't mean you guys are gonna stay together, shit just gets even harder in life & the relationship
Just been staring at the Walmart tobacco case, thinking about how it's a shame we don't know what brand of cigarettes doctors smoke anymore.
Just be you, And if people don't like it, Well, Fuck them.
Just cause you're out, does NOT mean it's ok to ignore me. #jerk #NotOkay #youreawesome #not
Just checked all my small animals & was genuinely shocked by the cold. I'd forgotten it could be THIS cold.
Just don't understand how you invest so much time into one person, and they could careless about you
Just do your job and stop complaining. We all are stressed and have a lot to do. You don't need to stand in the back and talk about people ??
Just failed another physics test ??
Just failed another Physics test. That's 3 in a row. JACKPOT!
Just failed my physics test
just found out my male dance partner from when I was out and drunk as fuck last Friday night works with my mum #GREAT #YAY #AWESOME #LOVEIT
Just got off the horn with Clint. Told me he really gives a shit what people think. #NoteToTwitter
Just gotta release this frustration
@JusticeGoogles you should go, i " m really sarcastic
@justinbieber @CapitalOfficial @romankemp agh my stupid android phone won't let me listen!
@justinbieber how do u dare to go there jay im so pissed
@justinbieber i feel sorry for all those poor people in that crowd, watching a talentless fuck mime shit others write for him.
@justinbieber without you in my life I'm so lonely without you i'm nothing ? ? ? i love you more than anything in this whole wide world ? ? ? ? ? ?
@justinbieber you're a goddam selfish bastard. And you know that.
just incase you're having a bad day here is a puppy swimming ??
just incase you're having a bad day, just watch how this dog walks in the snow
Just incase you were having a bad day ??
@justincornwall @iwannabekait @arps23 sorry. You feel your feels. Btw - #this #is #not #a #pipe (I need to find that shirt )
JUST IN : mass shooting in New Orleans ' 9th Ward ; up to 16 people hurt after shooters fire into crowd of hundreds :
@justin_rasile @N0bs @YeahWrightt @mikerasile1 @Jared_Abbott @NFL I'm starting to get the sense your legit butt hurt about my comments
just keep waking up and falling back asleep :(
Just learn to mind yo business bitch
Just looking at my Chrome search bar history. I've googled some weird shit
Just lost my first car after two months of having it. ?? ?? #heartbroken #VWcares #Passat
just need too pack my shit up and get away for awhile.
Just realized my sister's dirty comment in my snapchat story #sneaky
just remembered i have an assignment due next Thursday and havent started it. Great
Just send in the Poor
Just sleep with your eyes burdened by problems.. and your eyes will never open again
Just stuck pizza in da oven... #latedinner
just thinking bout this shit sends chills thru my body ?? #RIPSJ
Just went on a shopping spree for baby E ugh this boy's shoe game ?? #spoiled #babyshopping #cantwait
Just woke up after a five hour nap. There's no food! ?? #SoreHead #Hungry #GoingBackToBed #Zzzzzz
jyotin mohanty commented " shame " on the Discussion
Kadang -kadang, ignorance is just the most stupid things to do when bincang something. Its not a bliss anymore.
@kala5ny do my home work if you have time to do that bull shit
kam is about to have me stressed tonight and going into tomorrow I don't need it ?? ??
@kanyewest FUCK YOU HOUSTON DIDNT EVEN HAVE A SIGN OR A WALL IT WAS A TINY ASS STORE
@KapilSharmaK9 @narendramodi don't u think for BMC u should speak with Maha govt than PM?? Use ur brains u idiot
@KateElliottSFF @THR shocker. A shame THR failed to see that WOC are also women who experience wage gaps
@katemakesphoto No mansion here but I txt my kids upstairs bc I'm too lazy to walk up there & I hate yelling.
@KateUpton is allowed to have a world that you don't Define just because you think you are oppressed.
@katyperry idk if I can ever have my room messy now, what if you just come knocking on the door
@katyperry I got ur mascara and it is not good can you PayPal me money
@KDTrey5 not a fan of okc or gsw but that was just a dick move u pulled of!
keep the doggybag for the time you get home sick
Keep waking up &falling back to sleep ?? hate been poorly
Keep waking up n falling back asleep ugh.
@KendallJenner "Kendall your gonna be some kinda Heartbreaker. But I guess the picture says it all.
Kentucky State Police say a house fire that killed a family of four was intentionally set in Murray, KY.
@keong86 this is not so good
kerala become one of the worst state. in terms corruption, favourisem for corrupt work &kikeback were it going to end
Key to high school : if you don't look at your grades, you don't have anything to worry about
@khloekardashian Khloe come on for real $169 - $200 for jeans, that's ridiculous. Your jeans are no different from any other pair out there.
@KiAirUh you don't have to expect the worst though. Why does the thinking have to be negative? Plus, something could be worse than pregnancy
Kids freak out after their dad gives them vegetables instead of toys.
@KiIlerBey because u aint a girl. U dont got a girl body so u dont speak about the girl body. Bitch
@KimKardashian it's kinda hypocritical to demand a service and simultaneously judge the person providing it, you know?
@KimKardashian Why not set example 4 children & donate $$$ 2 starving kids? All I ever read is how much u all waste on U. #selfish
kinda sucks missing someone who could careless about you
@KingBentley @PhilJackson11 I told you and @Lizzs_Lockeroom that Phil got things under control in NY.. Knicks fans was upset for nothin
@kingofkgn I think its one of the worst thing tht can happen in a relationship. Dem sumn deh scar u fi life. I'm not thinking about it.
@KirbYayoi @Jeffrey_Jue @pancakeparadox I still go there whenever I'm on IRC. Don't care if nobody ever talks.
@_Kivanna it's no worse then for colored girls that's 1 negative ass movie
Klopp at Liverpool is scaring me right now
Know the Enemy Daily Links 11/20: Broncos looking forward to " weird " reunion with John Fox #RaiderNation
Kokuhaku has long blue hair, cut horizontally in the front. She has hazel eyes in the PC version, however her eyes are gray in the PSP versi
@Kpop_princesss speaking of work. Half of the day has gone and i still havent started the first assignment, i cant believe me wow
KS get my mind off of the stressful things in my life. #ALDUBSumptuousLunch
KSP : Fire intentionally set at home where 4 bodies were found
KSP : Fire intentionally set to cover up murders
KSP on scene of fatal house fire. A family of four is dead. Autopsy will be tomorrow. Fire set intentionally.
@ktmfranks it's probs because you have a stupid android
@kumailn How the heck does Iggy Pop do it, man? I'd have to starve myself to be that thin and then the abs, too?!
@KushSectionOnly : Lawddd why did me & Gary put a hole in my mama wall she gon kill us? "?
@kylecthe_realme nothing gets me like the fry cook games. " My name's not Rick! "
@kylegaddo subtle drum cues off of laptop speakers are not my friend
@KyraaMariie @zxmarieee that we sent stuff to Hannah? No. Correction. We told her to her face what happened. No screenshots involved for me.
@LaCashtaNostra Oh he goin '.. He got arrested two days ago for havin ' a firearm on him.. Not to mention he surrenders in Sept. for Taxes
Ladies, don't heed any of this nonsense. Becoming what you hate will only make you hate yourself in the long run.
@ladygaga are you fucking stupid? read the news... @usagym permits sexual abuse of kids by male coaches.
@ladygaga bitch come thru with the next episode of Making Joanne
Lagu Miss A really made my day
Lainey & I used to FaceTime all the time before she got her stupid Android. Miss that. :/
Lang Leav's new book Sad Girls is coming out soon! #cantwait
last football game tomorrow night aka going out w/ the team after & getting drunk
last night when the sound system started acting all shitty andy looked so lost and just done omg i felt terrible my bby :(
LasVegasSun : Police : Victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set #lasvegas
@latimes We must avenge this act of Terrorism and find out who did this to Our Land. The GOP has to stop finger pointing&work on Regulation.
*laughs bc I just failed a physics test per usual *
@LaurenMarieXO89 I'm shocked - my cold, black heart is melting into a puddle!
@Lauren_Southern wtf happened to ur Mr reality avatar? Bring back the stache!
laying in the bed after waking early, the blackouts coming faster than before, while the doctors try and find a way to stop them -
Laying in the dark and being sad is not a good look lol
Laying in the dark because football STRESSED ME OUT
laying in the dark. bored as hell answer these questions
Laying in the dark thinking isn't so fun
@lee_ryder I would brand it a lot worst than that! We are shit and I'm shit of it! Sore it out or piss off!
@LegeTheFirst No worry nau. I will be back... You won't even rmbr that I left @all
@LegitSomeone101 @DisBeJosh @HeyItsJaredddd when I was in middle school a teacher got arrested during school and tried fighting the cops
@LeoDiCaprio @NatGeoChannel You came in too late DiCaprio so do not take any credit. You are just a press seeker. Go back to your jet.
@lepresydente I'm about to shower then head over so we would probably miss it if we went out. So get food for yourself
Let me do my home work. #APN fuck nigga
Let me tell y'all, I failed that physics test so nasty
Let's be weird together " I think weird is an understatement
let's get drunk and tell each other everything we're too afraid to say sober
Let's give a big shout out to our Veterans who are fighting for freedommmmmmm
@LeviHeichallie THEY WERE ALL COLORFUL AND SHIT MAN I COULD WRITE A 10 PAGE SUMMARY IN MLA FORMAT ABOUT WHY THIS MV SLAYED
Levin looking for big changes in the bigdata, big health ; don't need another app telling him he's stressed all day #PMConf
Lewis just did that dumb face on tv bye
@Lexialex Something between mute & block because muting isn't quite as comprehensive as I need but too many people take blocking personally.
@LFC @JHenderson don't care about Henderson all I wanna know is how Coutinho is doing - he's a decent player
Liam Brown was in the worst state ive ever seen the boy in about 13 years on Saturday ?? ??
#Libra : Really sarcastic when dealing with idiots.
@LidiaLowe oh no way! I've just had a cooked breakfast on the boss. #workbenefits!
Life didnt came with instrutions, " thts y i dnt giv a fuck ".
Life is too short to spend it with people who don't make you happy.
#Lifestyle - Physics question that shocked everyone -
Lik if I Dnt fuck wit u i Dnt giv af Whut yo life lookin lik.
Lil butt & No Butt is two different things ??
listening to sad music while laying in the dark with only christmas lights on will make you emo 10/10 #confirmed
Listen live on @newstalk1010 as I discuss a Peterborough mosque that was intentionally set on fire last night
Literally about to lose my mind by how stressful today has been and it's no where near being over
Literally all I hear on my street rn is a bunch of dudes yelling and loud truck engines I'm so annoyed
Literally crying, I hate being sick
Literally in hysterics while watching the Jonathan Ross show! Never laughed so much ?? ??
Literally spent all the money in my bank account nd I'm goin to Monaco in 15 days shit
LIT* I SWEAR I TYPED LIT I DON'T KNOW HOW OR WHY IT WENT TO 'WET ' FRIDAYS DO NOT GET ME WET THEY GET ME LIT
Little Manchester to Little Morocco : EU insanity led to Belgium problem, says NICK FERRARI
Little Red Dirt rolling through the house this morning.
live from New York? nah, tonight it's " Hello from New York " #CantWait #SaturdayNightLive @Adele @McConaughey @nbc
LIVE on #Periscope : im high asf im gone dumb geekf
@lizethdasilva10 its cause i cant type with the stupid android keyboard
Loans to journalism school : negative supernumerary sweat blood upon go back pay for on behalf of prison culture : qwO
Location confirmed. It's in atlas's kennel and I'm not sure how to proceed but he looked at me rudely see
@LocoGringoCom my week on Twitter sucked compared to yours
logged on to the @smh live blog and was shocked to learn : @Jo_Tovey is cold
@lollie_morgan if u don't pass this test u fail the class
l o n e l y and bored. i also almost spelled lonely wrong been out of school too long/dies
lonely is an understatement "
Lone Tree Update - Fire is under control. Investigators on scene. No further information available at this time.
Long bus rides after school with the bae jdhsihsisjsusi. I'm just gonna say crap pickup lines the whole time
long bus rides + music is bomb
long bus rides r the worst
Long hair brown skin w/ a fat ass
Long hair no makeup doing palates most niggas don't step on my damn zanottis ??
LOOKBOOK : @FUCT drop their fall 2012 lookbook, see here #WeAreCypher @ErikBrunetti
Looking forward to dressing up for the Star Wars Battlefront launch. #Battlefront #Darkside #StarWars
Looking forward to #NSOMignon #eastbourne this Sunday 3pm & some dressing room banter with these nut nuts.
loosing my wok stop virginity Xx
Loosing virginity is grossly overrated. It is just a little prick. #virginty
Loosing your virginity in a pool table probably lit. You can pretend you in a Madonna video.
Loosing your virginity to a fuck nigga has to be the worst
Lord this games hard to watch
lost mum and she comes back with a costa, what a babe
Lost my little brother last night ??????so incredibly heartbroken. RIP Mardi.
Lost the will to try and understand the shitty things
Lost to flipping west brom because of shitty arteta and then Carzola not being able to avoid slipping to pot a penalty ??
louis made a heart symbol to have them turn up harry's mic i hate them
@Love_5hack @Rabdear @joshuabruin who gives a fuck? You're part of a circle jerk hypocrisy that I voluntarily removed myself from
Low Back Pain? Try Customized Physical Therapy, Study Says - National Pain Report via #PhysicalTherapy
@LT_21 will have his Chargers jersey retired Sunday. Inside his epic, misunderstood career
@luke_brooks @Juliett_Brooks Can you dm me? Ive had a shitty day ??
@Lunaa @FaZeBlaziken don't run into Kanye fighting a transvestite while smoking dank kush and getting arrested bc 2 people got caught naked
Lunch time.! I'm so damn hungry
Maaan I never laughed so hard ?? ?? ?? her face tho ??
MAC is littered with people who crawl out of their hobbit holes so they can come disgrace the world with their stupidity #thisisparadise #not
@maddieebeling @nicolehuddle you must really have a life if your worrying about a " freshmans " relationship.
@maddow @AaronBlake He did cancel Portland because 3 biz guys called Trump out for saying they were hosting a fundraiser that they were not.
@maddow the logic doesn't apply this time. Realize it's because of #JillStein that we voted at all. The only wasted vote is no vote.
@maddow what's happening with Sanders movement is what has been wrong with Bernie all along-lack of follow through.
Made it through the " Writing and racial identity " panel at #SDCC, or because I had an earthquake and no shame.
@madisonnporterr that's the worst. Anytime I get a sore throat it is ALWAYS my tonsils that cause the most pain ?? ????
@madisonsousa : This peom " IF " that neves wants us to write a constructive response about makes no sense. #IsThisAJoke " IKR?!
@madivalkner : lonely is an understatement
Madrid horrible/terrible/shitty first half, look lost, don't look like a team, smh
maggie and glenn - the walking dead
@MailOnline Ever think that might offensive to people in other countries! Stop throwing this in people’s faces. Not at the Olympics ????
Maine is the worst state in the east coast. Go there & you'll see.
Make money, live life. Fuck police
Make one tiny mistake, you're dead. I made one tiny mistake. I wore women's clothes.
Making #Entrepreneurship Contagious
Man arrested after intentionally crashing into vehicle multiple times and fighting with deputies in #ThousandPalms
Man arrested after police find evidence of dog fighting in Lincoln -Lemington
Manchester City fans really turning on their team here. Unimpressed is an understatement.
@mandieerenaee12 The struggle of not knowing how to pump gas?
Man don't fall for that tease. The L is in stone. You foolin yourselves
Man Found Dead in Demi Moore's Swimming Pool
Man I can't wait to be out of highschool... Let me just leave it at thaaaaat
Man I hate gym class
Man life's too short to be doing shit you don't love
@Manny_Vs_World that makes work a bitch ctfu
Man Sleeps Next To Dead Wife For 5 Years.. Wait Until You... =
@Marcus2cold I swear. I knew they weren't gonna win though. Somebody will beat the Warriors though.
Married 15 minutes, tired of her shit already ?? ??
@marteeniweenie your man shitty lost 4 -1 today so...
@martymcfly53 yup they're tired of losing to BAMA but the grass isn't always greener on the other side
mason keeps waking up from his nap and falling back asleep. it's the sweetest thing
@MattMatatt " spiky idiot intentionally catches fire often "
@MattThompson I don't mind this but no gazey? This is not so good
#MauiNow The fire was reported on Tuesday night near the Kahului Community Center. Officials say a bench made
Max confirmed bias is Kyungri, meaning Sojin is now mine my default : )
maybe it will still come before thanskgiving but not knowing is going to awful
#mccann and #kingabdullah were taken to #room101 the screams were an absolute #joy to the victims
@mdandersen Oh no! I'm sorry about that, Matthew. I'll get a note over to Food & Beverage right away. #Hungry -Krista
me and amber lost our snapstreak i'm heartbroken
Me and mum had 3 Costa trips today ?? the obsession is real ??
me appearing in your life is a total nightmare and i'm sorry
Media coverage is reserved for #WhitePeopleProblems Only time black people are covered is to show us in a negative ??
@MedicatedIrwin SAME OMG I KEEP WAKING UP AND FALLING BACK ASLEEP IT'S ANNOYING
@medusasehun @centipedekagune I wanted to read it to bother Jo even more but I just could not handle
?? ?? ?? " @MeetAnimals Fuck the police
me : gets heartbroken the short haired girl in sekai wa koi ni ochiteiru lost even tho I was rooting for long hair girl the whole time
@meghancurrrie you should come back to dc and then come to my house so we can have a sleepover. we can braid our hair and cry over boys!
@megynkelly and I also would get upset if I was not able to finsh what I was saying you need to wake up
@megynkelly @POTUS no worries a white person will soon occupy the White House racist "&)(,!
@meighan_2 no i'm heartbroken they had a card and when i was all flustered i said they paid w cash ??and derek can't fix it so i lost $60
Me : ill do my home work at 3 *clock says 3* Me :
me : [lives in scotland also me : [is shocked and appalled when it's cold and/or raining
@melonmamii too early for that kinda business Isabella ?? no seriously you'll make things worse by telling yourself negative stuff
Messed up shit to everybody. But fucked up shit people happen to people who do others dirty and they probably won't ever bounce back from it
Me too of course! I hate getting hurt emotionally! I am so sick of this shit @ImmodestBelle
Met this idiot after two years.. he is still the same #nochange.. ?? ?? #friends #memories #BFF
Mfs be loosing they virginity in bushes nn shit ?? ??
Mhen... Boy miss knack. Run come twitter come release pain and frustration silver lined by Konji. ?? ?? ?? ??
@Michael5SOS Always remember to be yourself and fuck those who judge and hate you because they're just jealous of your awesomeness
michael is 20 today don't touch me I'm not okay
Michael McIntyre and One Direction in one interview - never laughed so much
Michigan State been cold though why are people shocked I got Ohio State losing to Michigan too
@MikeAndMike r we gunna have to pay a randsom to get the other guys back? Cuz apperently we do that now.
@mike_pence Sorry to hear of the passing of your little dog. That's a hard thing to go through.
@mike_pence stay on message don't let demon rats distract don't respond except that it's lies and pivot 2 policy.
@mike_pence Wait, maybe it was the War College that's out that way. So long ago.
@MileyCyrus everyone is waiting for you to drop an album, wyd??
#Millennials : Here's what you should start (and stop ) doing in your 20s to lay the foundation for lifelong
Milton Keynes continue their trend of signing old, injury prone englishmen by nabbing Owen Hargraves #bbcfootball
MindBodyGreen : I'm A Yoga Teacher. Here's What I Hate About The Yoga " Community "
@mirandalambert rolling around in my head when I woke up. Singing this all morning. I don't even like country #music
Missing my long hair ?? ??
Missing someone sucks not knowing if they miss you back ??
Missing UCLA Grad Student Found Dead | NBC Southern California via
miss my long hair :((
@MissSelfDefense people who think vanning fireatms will stop terrorists are absolute morons and should be spanked and sent to their room.
Miss some of the show? You can find plenty of videos on our page : #NFLAM
Miss the bang. Miss summer. Miss that phone case. ??
Miss those long bus rides to training, and everyone will be asleep
@mogganaut04 come on boro! But who the hell is carayol?
Moment a pensioner caused traffic chaos when he navigated a busy roundabout on his mobility scooter : via
Monaco is my shit bro. ??
Monday night Tv just got boring
Monday's so boring bruhh.
money can't buy happiness but I'd rather do all my crying in a Porsche
Money will Never change me. I kno some niggas lost in the sauce tho ??
Monsieur tALK is looking for new connections : small businesses in London, language nuts, people looking for French lessons. Recommendations?
Mood : I'm chilling ?? Relationship Status : I'm chilling ?? Life : I'm chilling ??
Morning realization : when people to whom I was very connected die the grieving doesn't end when I go to sleep.
Mortgage rates are still very low. Call us @ShellFCU for your financing needs. We have TRID under control ??
Most disgusting thing a man can do is use a female for sex but have her thinking it's more than that
Most of the people you work with are annoying. Here's a podcast about them
Mother India and Mother Russia are having a tough time with each other. One reason : Uncle Sam's entry
Motocross - No seatbelts. No roll cages. Just balls.
mot swimming pools I've been too are freezing though ?? x
Movin along : My fiancé is hungover I think. Im not sure yet. She keeps doing weird shit... Waking up, getting mad, falling back to sleep
#Mr Cameron, Mr Hunt & Mr Osborne have you No Shame or one ounce of decency left in your minds or hearts U disgraceUs
@MrsHollyHoran21 Your class is spoilt. And no I'm running through the corridors.
@MrsOsmundson it's the people that say " fuck the police " and how they hate pigs and call the cops as soon as something bad happens to them.
@MSNBC AA r being defined by really oppressed few! White believe their tax $ goes 2 poor blacks, we pay enough tax 2 cover that tab & more!
@MSNBC @CNNPolitics can I ask u something? Are trump surrogates necessary 24/7?? I'm tired of this bs. They have a home at @FoxNews
@MSNBC I don't think it was intentional. Sadly we expect attacks in Lebanon because of proximity to Syrian conflict. France was unexpected.
@MSNBC The entire Western world believed the lies told by Bush, Rumsfield, Powell Rice & Dick. They should be in the Hague awaiting trial
@Msomifaya negative awareness can be worse than no awareness. that's what i've learnt about life. knowledge is useless if it does not enrich
@mtdiabla I'm not excited to meet my roommates next year ??
@MThangggggg_ im looking for the sluts ??
Mulligan kill ends second set. Warhill up 2 -0 (25 -15, 25 -19) on Hidden Valley in 3A volleyball final
Mum always buys crap hot chocolate I need Costa
Mum won't go costa for me, dunno what her problem is tbh
Musicians don't need that kinda bullshit fuck men I'm stressed they are killing SA's music industry #payola
music video for Brick By Boring Brick single was released 6 years ago! #6YearsOfBrickByBoringBrick
Muslims have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism " ~Hillary
@mutheadsite I did the whole Shannon sharpe set and added every collectible :/ will they bring back the solos?
my 4 y/o child browses inappropriate content on the ipad i got him, the internet needs to be restricted and regulated! " - shit parents
my aesthetic is the kid in the " feel the Bern " shirt angrily yelling at Donald Trump at a GOP debate
My algebra teacher is the worst teacher i have ever had! i hate him so much!
My attempt at Can't Sleep Love by @PTXofficial off their new album #acapella ?? ??
My attitude horrible ?? but I swear I'm working on it ??
My baby mama say I'm living wrong If she die then I guess she dead right
My baby not feeling good, makes me sad and wanna cry.
My bed has never felt better ??
My bestfriend realer than alot of you niggas ??
My bodies so numb, all I do is smoke loud, put you niggas to shame
My body feels so weak ?? I hate being sick! ??
my body is fucking sore and I have the worst headache ever ??
My body is never ready for long bus rides
My body so numb, all I do is kill pain, all I do is smoke loud, put you niggas to shame.
My brother has been put in the psych ward. He has completely lost touch with realty. #bipolar #manic #heartbroken
My brother just scared the absolute shit out of me, this is why I never go to the bathroom at night ?? ?? #Scarydarkbathroomruns #omg
My butt hurts so much I hate sitting in PE class for so long ??
My cat and I have a love/hate relationship. I hate him 90 % of the time coz he's an evil fuck
My cat is sad because he is pestered by his mom taking pictures while he is trying to nap.
my cat must've lost his mind I'm bout to beat his ass
My chillin rules if you touch the remote I'm kickin you out I don't wanna look at your dumb ass tv shows
My dad almost got arrested for fighting a mascot 22 years ago
My day so far has been waking up, reading KuraRyou smut, falling back asleep and having horrible nightmares, then finally getting up at 3 pm
My dreadlocks were #cute #newhairdo
My emotions in no say I blame Olivia or hate her as again, I believe in abortion and don't judge. I'm just sad, so so sad. #Scandal
my english teacher takes forever to grade things and i hate it
My entire body is sore. I just moved my arm to grab my chapstick and it was the worst.
My ex tryna diss me and shit but I don't see why because I used to mean everything to her smh
my eyes hurt from looking at all those flashes
my family doesn't love me at all
My first bathroom #selfie I'm so ashamed. #suit #whitepeopleproblems
My friend's favourite team lost the match and feels so heartbroken. #Lol. #Football.
my girlfriend bought me these Pug gloves that have bells on them. i plan on wearing them all winter with no shame.
My girlfriend scares me when she's angry ?? ??
my godson keeps waking up out of his sleep crying the falling back asleep. this cold he has got him acting out of charcter poor boy
My granny know I'm mad. I hate seeing her sick
My hair is too short ; it can't reach my nose so I can't even smell my freshly washed haaaaaaair
My head hurt.
my headphones broke so now I'm using stupid android headphones. they are the WORST
My heart feels weird and i need a way to release all this frustration and sadness.
My highest score from the #WBL @climbnewcastle 138. Not back getting better and better #Bouldering #climbing
My laptop's battery just drained. Is that a sign that I should sleep or
My last girlfriend was a feminist, vegan punk who broke up with me because she thought I was too angry
Myles has proved how much of a freak he really is. No shame.
My life is any Type A's worst nightmare #umdrunk
My life is basically " The Kid's Aren't Alright " playing in the distance as I'm either crying or screaming.
my life is not going great
my mom is devastated, she said she watched him take his last breath & said prayers over him before he was flushed
my mom is dumb part 2: " why does our tv keep messing up wtf " it's blocking out the cussing when they perform
My mom is mad because I'm wearing sweat pants to school. ?? ?? ?? ?? ????????
My mum is so pissed off about this.
My name is Calum and I'm a pizza bitch
My new sounds : Dead Air Ep 35 - Thirteen Ghosts on #SoundCloud
My old bitch was boring.
My only solace is that I might get KFC on my way back but peaks will be full of children and it'll hurt
My parents yell at me cause I drink too much milk but I don't think they understand how much worse they could have it.
My phone falls on the floor & i get a text. Not sure if i want to pick it up #lazyproblem
my phone is going t die anytime from now but i'm too lazy t get up & charge when my charger is only a metre away
My phone wont charge bro, its been stuck at 74 for 20 minutes now.
My poor baby is still covered in hives and miserable ??
My poor boy inherited my rolling veins. Not so fun when you have to get blood drawn. #PoorBaby #TookItLikeAChamp #UnsuccessfulBloodDraw
My prayers for people of the world, who lost their lives at the hands of those who fuel their fire with hate and bloodshed.
My prayers go up for those and the families of those involved in the senseless tragedy in France.
My predictions were right after all.. Madrid and shitty lost.
My Prison Without Bars : The Journey of a Damaged Woman to Someplace Normal @TaylorTfulks20
My roommate left I don't know where with his girlfriend and forgot to pay the light now I have no light and can't charge my phone ????????
& my shitty day begins
My siblings are fat asses man I swear they can eat the whole entire fridge full of groceries in less than a day
My sister is already complaining about going to a basketball game tomorrow night.. I will have to take in miniatures for her
My sister is watching me tinder and she thinks it's fascinating/hilarious Being married must suck rn
My sleeping pattern is so fucked I swear last night I was all tucked up in bed early tonight however.. I can't sleep at all!
My specialties include laying in the dark and crying for an uncomfortable amount of time
my stomach killing me ???? that's one thing, now my back hurt cause I had carry all that stuff home by myself ?? ?? and I have to work today ?? ??
MY TEACHER HAS GAVE ME TWO MATHS MOCK REVISION BOOKLETS I HATE EVERYTHING
My thoughts and prayers for the victims of #BamakoAttack! Horrible and undefendable!
My tv is still showing scenes of these dumb girl with the dumb name and I don't understand why #GOAWAY #TheWalkingDead
My Twitter isn't cool. #whitepeopleproblems
My two year old nephew just dropped his bottle and said " oh fuck " ?? ?? ?? I need to watch what I say
My week on Twitter :8 retweets, 5 new followers, 1 cattle trading pun @ilkandcookies lay-up for you on a friday no doubt
my week on twitter so far. i may spend tomorrow evening away from twitter, getting thoroughly drunk.
My week on twitter : Wait - I forgot that none of you care the least, so I'll just stop and keep my made up numbers to my self.
my work schedule is crazy, tm is my last day off then work the whole week ?? ??
Nah its still hot down here
nah just shows how much they disrespect Carolina
@nannandinii17 you don't have work or school meh?
#NASA scientists shocked by what they found on #Pluto's surface - via #Astronomy #Physics
@Nashgrier I feel i can not go a day without saying " love you " for you, it is inevitable, even if you do not see
@Nashgrier tired to try your follow, when it is going to happen?
Nature calls and U wake up at 5, remembering this weekend is just for yourself, falling back to sleep and waking up as #Batman
@navjotvirkk @mbajwaa cause shes my bestfriend and shes fuken annoyed you desperate fucker
@nbcdays Why in the world would you bring back Bo just to kill him off? It was hard enough on his fans the first time to say goodbye!
@NBCNews AND HOW WOULD HE HAVE TAKEN IT. MAYBE PUT IT SUIT CASES AND BRING IT HOME. SUCH AN IDIOT
@NBCNews I never thought so before, but Obama is just as treasonous as the Clintons and Bushes.  They should all hang together.
@NBCNews #MTP National service.. 3 mo? It isn't worth for the gov to do this for even 2 years. 3 years will only get them trained to do a job
@NBCNews they also murder children. Totally heard that from someone who knew a guy who lived across the state from a Trump hotel
Need something to numb my brain, to get me away from this pain
Need to release some frustration. To the Gym!
Need to sleep. I have 7am class later. Urgh! I HATE STURDAY CLASSES! ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? night.
Negative expression is useless to all BUT especially for you as it only makes things worse -JesusChristEmpowersChangesASK #salesforce #lead
Neil Armstrong service planned for Friday : Sen. Rob Portman will eulogize the first man on the moon in a private
Never been so scared for people before in my life. Prayers for the people affected by the apartment fires! ??
Never care abt someone who is careless abt u!
never have i ever felt so scared to sleep bc something might happen to this shady band #MTVStars One Direction
Never knew I could be so hyped for a game I'm not even playing in ????
never laughed so long
Never laughed so much about cress in my life ?? ??
never laughed so much because of @freya_harvey #banter
Never laughed so much in a night ??
Never laughed so much such a quality night ????
Never let a pretty face fool you ?? every girl comes with her own demons ??
Nevermind I swear I'm done ?? ?? ?? ??
Never prayed to God, but never too late to try Him Shots fired, Allen Iverson in the league
Never trust a smiling dog. #sneaky #whereismyshoe
Never will I drive again with my car on low gas... I waited by a bridge in pitch black darkness waiting for someone to drive by.
New : Glenn's fate revealed on 'Walking Dead ' #follow for more
New Jersey Shopping Plaza Shootout Leaves Three Dead - Yahoo! via @YahooNews
#News #Headlines WND Paris -attack scout ' arrested with 2 others in Turkey
News : Physics question that shocked everyone
#news The high school physics question that shocked everyone.
@NewsX the question is are these set on fire for redevelopment intentionally else how could the casualty be low
@newtgingrich what else do you expect from a fat pig who has affairs on all 3 wives, and leaves 2nd wife as she battles cancer? Fat Bastard!
New York Times - The Affair : ‘The Affair ' Season 2, Episode 8: This Guy's Hopeless
Next summer no shirt mad tattoos! #gymwork
next year he became second now he is standing 12st this is not so good lets vote #MTVStars Justin Bieber
@NHughesy83 what does she do other than do shit adverts aimed at people who wrinkle
@nia2hip10 @Bmurph4711 swear mfs already doubting us ?? gtfo with that shit
@NiallOfficial your so bad for saying hell, it doesn't make you look likea fag either
@nic_langlang im mad why isnt it working
@Nic_NATPattyWak wtf is wrong with you
Nigeria now third most terrorized country in the world – Report
Nigeria now third most terrorized country in the world – Report : The report says out of 20 most fatal terroris
Nigga lied if he say IDGT, after 3 pumps it's cigarette break time lil babyyyy ??????????
Niggas are killers shit is terrible
Nigga say sumn else I dont like so I can buss you in yo shit " - Jesus
Niggas be thinking you about to chase them ?? bitch I eat all fuckin day I be full asf I'm not about to chase shit ??
Niggas cheat on you and be the one hurt.
niggas getting arrested on campus for fighting.. smh
Niggas in high school get more sleep in first period than at home
Niggas really be busters in the pin but with the bullshits on Twitter.. incredible ??
Nigga that's a personal problem that has absolutely nothing to do with this job
@NikkiDohertyy1 No but I'm intrigued. There is only one that is close to me and it's always packed.
@niner_raul Sorry to hear about your brother, my prayers for your family! ?
@NiseRichards I didn't even know they were here! I'm working from home so I def coulda gone. :(
@njhtropicos I JUST FINISHED WATCHING IT IVE NEVER LAUGHED SO MUCH
Noah broked my phone and now im stuck with a stupid android.
@NoahShachtman @thedailybeast Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering
No alarm set #bestfeelingever
No alarm set for tomorrow ?? #bestfeelingever
No alarm set for tomorrow ??????????? #bestfeelingever #lovetheweekend #tfifriday
No amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness I feel
No *Awkward 3 hour hot air balloon ride *
no awkward dancing nt the front rowbitch i hate white devik
no awkward feels #KathNielASAPChristmasCountdown
No awkward sofa moment for George Osborne and John McDonnell at the end of #Marr this week
Nobody is ugly, they are just broke.
Nobody wants to follow me :( I should probably get to work on a game. I will go to sleep and wake up in the morning with lots of ideas!
no but a school bus full of children almost did
No classes for a week #yay
No classes on Fridays AGAIN next quarter TU shewt thru hmu for the addy
no classes on Fridays be so clutch.
No classes on Fridays next semester ?? ?? ??
No Clue How To Start Investing? You Need To Read This! -
No fighting for @KailaMalbert and I anymore ?? the mf got arrested. ??
no hoodie bc it's too hot down here
no I hate you don't talk to me
no it's Not, people dealing with people smugglers often drown, not good idea to put kids on leaky boat, sorry
No lie 2015 did everybody dirty man shit was fucked up this year
No make-up so you know its real!
No Mom. I don't want to do your errands -_-
No more foolin around. Time to get serious
No more than men who shoot up a school full of children! There not human as well!
No one can hurt you, without access to your heart. Deny the access and stop the hurt.
no one's in my homeroom fml.
No parents and a fridge full of... nothing. ??
No piece in the street must release my frustration
No ride to school today, goooooodthing
North Augusta is so boring without
North Carolina polling site changes hurt blacks
No shame at all... See full more pictures here ==
Not about that 7am alarm on a Saturday ?? But I am really looking forward to filming Blind Football for my dissertation tomorrow! ??
Not a huge fan of long bus rides
Not being able to sleep is shit.
not doing anything all day is shitty as fuck
Not enjoying being single as much now tbh
Note to self : Stop trying so hard for people who don't care.
Not feeling good this morning ??
Not had chance to upload my first post as I've got a horrible cold! Here's a sneak peak #firstblogpost #nails #new
No that's not fucking creepy.
Not having to set your alarm #bestfeelingever
no, the grass isn't greener on the other side, the grass is only green where you water it
nothing beats laying in bed on a shitty day with lattes while watching pll ?? ?? ??
Nothing beats the smell of a freshly cut Christmas tree ??
Nothing better than the smell of freshly dyed hair ??????
Nothing compares to a beautiful conversation with a beautiful mind. ??
Nothing for me to do but have one last cry ??
nothing is more beautiful than when the whole stadium is singing cielito lindo
Nothing like a little Biochem in the morning
nothing like color jet plumes
Nothing like having your own.
Nothing like the rain, nothing like the rain #MTVStars 5 Seconds Of Summer #ARIAS5SOS 21
Nothing like the smell of freshly cleaned sheets
Nothing like waking up, putting on your newest record and falling back asleep #thelumineers #ilovenotworking
Not in a very happy mood anymore.
No train whining from me today so I give you this RT General weirdness involved in catching a train in Australia
Not saying 1 shouldn't talk about this, Rather use this to talk about all those who got seat cos of connections not merits. #lalubetaraj
Not sure if I'm really sarcastic or if I'm actually a peice of shit
NOT THIS CREEPY THING AGAIN THIS ACTUALLY FREAKS ME OUT WHAT IS THIS
Now don't be hoping on the bandwagon hoes!
now i got a bad headache!
Now I'm off work I'm shocked at the amount of cold callers.. I'm gonna start ignoring the door!
Now normally I hate the weekly words but yo mr. ramsey! This episode was sick
No wonder I hate myself. I ended up telling him i was sick.
Now she's saying she's not been to sleep yet cos the costa she had yesterday made her 'high as a kite ' ffs mum
now whoever tries to call you on your bullshits a hater?
@NPRCodeSwitch my mom always packed food on vacations... And we'd sometimes eat bad food at the one open diner
Numb he's so cold he doesn't feel a thing @rihanna #pandora
nutella covered strawberries are my actual weakness
Nutella is my weakness
nvm im ugly tht would never happen lOl
@nytimes come on really? That's fucked up, I swear people these days are just plain just doing whatever to get on the news it's sad
@nytimes destroyed the country and pretends to be victim! Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
@nytimes @nytopinion black on white crime is covered up it is the biggest lie in America
@nytimes " She hit her head so hard in the fall that she sometimes forgets to rinse the soap from her butthole " - Bill Clinton
@nytimes telecommuting saves lives people injured need to work veterans the disabled and work comp injured deserve to work.
@nytimes Waleed's story doesnt mention the petition in parliament to fix the problem
@nytimes your fact checker has proven to be broken! Or wrong. We've done neutral checks and it seems to not providing info on Clinton's lies
@nytpolitics Trump has lied to them too. Feel bad for them in that they are being conned
Odd #socks. Neither of which has the correct day on them. THAT'S how I roll. #rebel #oddsocks
Of course this school screws me over every time #math #not even a math teacher ?? ??
of coz it's becoz they dont accept you. But if were to ask why so it happen, don't you think there's a possibility to my reason?
Official last day of work & first day of maternity leave ??
@OfficialMelB and forget the haters they are just hating bc aren't as cool as you
Off to London -- Paris, about to shoot a new video for a new song called " Highschool Never Ends "
Oh and I failed my crops test. That's a shocker
ohh shit! i have felt this alot of times!
oh, I believe the game is seriously afoot now #cbb uk
Oh my lanta... this gym has no A/C.?#gonnapassout
Oh no awkward photos #lovethetron
Oh no.. Day 2 of sleeping at 4am, waking up at 9am and eating a heavy breakfast, falling back to sleep and (cont )
Oh NO I have to go! Try to trend #tellusaustin! @AustinMahone now you have to wait until I get back because you waited to long!
oh shit I'm dead " we are one
Oh sorry it's a tweet chat let me charge my phone sharply. i have some questions I have been meaning to ask sef
Oh so we lost charlie adam #score #deadlineday
Oh the smell of a freshly killed week ??
Oh wait, he takes the garbage out, my bad. #mrwonderful
@OkieBorg you're emote didn't show up for me. I have a stupid android. But I assume it was something along the lines of : ??
@OliverBaxxter it's impossible not to have a great time at your shows ??
@Omaidus There is always FIR. Then JIT and minority protest and Media Talk. Dont believe on bullshits of @Razarumi
Omfg i freakn HATE being sick
Omfg it is nearly December and are we really that shocked it's getting cold and it may start snowing? It
OMFG WTF IS WRONG WITH TODAYS WEATHRrd FUCK ICaNtEEVEN TyPE
Omg I can't wait to be rid of this stupid android
Omg I need a fag ASAP
#omg low battery, I need charge my phone cell #goodday #monday #INDONESIA
Omg my phone went to hearts again. Stupid Android @_Fraydoe
Once I'm off you, I don't want nothing to do with you!
Once things start to change in a negative way, just prepare for the worse
one direction is so boring why don't they dance
One direction on the Jonathan Show made my night never laughed so much ?? ?? ??
#OneLove : To acknowledge what is built and keeping away from neglecting the conscious awareness of the manifested
one mistake from being together but let's not ask why it's not right. you, won't be 17 foreverrr
One of the down side of living along is, u won't find a meal ready for u when u get home
One percent battery life and it's only 11am What the hell happened Oh right I forgot to CHARGE MY PHONE LAST NIGHT UGHHH BYE4NOW
ONE STOP SHOP FOR STONERS
On his desk, as he would interrupt his morning schedule to get some breakfast
ONLY focusing on math this weekend is going to suck so bad. #PrayForMiggyflows
Only thing I miss about Summerlin is that nothing was ever too busy. Shit is always packed southside
On my home... Lazy post campaign tea tonight, something with BEANS.
On this day in 2001, Scott Weiland was arrested after allegedly fighting with his wife at the Hard Rock hotel in
@Onyx_Raptor Cold was slightly shocked with this. " You realize that those temperatures might very much kill you? I could always turn it +
O. o he might be hurt -_-
Oops, stomach can't wait an hour & a half to get food. Bad timing. Lunch next. (@ Kalahari Convention Center )
Orders shipping out! Here is the first one from #canada heading up north this morning. Can't wait to play tonight!
@oreillyfactor as a member of those 1. 7 million Veterans, I have been financially ruined and I can no longer pay for the medication I need.
Or I could go for a jog but the thought just makes me tired and out of breathe
OSU fans wondering if Urban is going to have another heart attack. Sorry Bucks but that's our thing. #GoGators grass isn't always greener ??
OT4 Stans never know how to leave Zayn alone are your favs that boring that you always gotta come for Z
Our fears are being realized... we are seeing children, parents, elderly & young dying
Our oven has broken. I have therefore declared a chippy tea tonight. I won't have chippy because my body is a temple. I'll have a salad.
Our physics lab failed because of her hands
Our school dress code states that we can only wear jeans on Fridays. I've worn jeans everyday for the past month and few weeks. #rebel
Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know.
Our thoughts and prayers for people of Paris, and those of who were affected by this horrible attack. #parisjetaime
overthinking and being stressed are two things that really don't need to go together.
Overthinking will destroy your mood #breathe and let go
@P3Droid when I was a 20 year old minister I wondered y there was so much animosity towards the church. Now that I am 40 I know y. So sad.
Pakistani Rock - Physics Shocked :o
Pakistan lost, Arsenal lost, Real Madrid lost.. shitty weekend
Palin : Legalizing Weed Is 'No Big Deal ' It's said that even a broken clock is right twice a day. I guess this Palin's High Noon or Midnight
@panmisthropist @EveKeneinan @deanesmay because it is an obvious category error caused by not knowing any specifics.
Parents (understandably ) hate it when you teach their kids about Chief Keef
Paris is being used to justify agendas that had nothing to do with the attack
Passed Out? Not been a great day!
@pattonoswalt @bronzehammer but he's right. Center-left was stuck in their bubble congratulating themselves instead of getting people onside
@pattonoswalt @trumpanov I do not get the motivation of famous people who hate on Trump. They know they'll be jobless when he's elected.
@Paytonbosleyy ohhhh I just don't like him bc he won't let me charge my phone
@PenafsirMimpi : i miss you, but actually i miss our memories in the old time.
?? penis-hilton : cawed : white ppl = M E S S this is crazy how is america real
Pennsylvania man arrested after dead dog found at home of dog fighting activity
People are fucked #not me
People need to stop scaring cats with cucumbers, say animal behaviorists, - Sent via the FOX News Google TV App.
People need to watch what the say. My Friday was ruined.
People really need to watch what the fuck they say on social media before someone finds your ignorant ass and beats it badly
PEOPLE SHOULD UNDERSTAND HOW STRESSFUL IT IS TO EXPLAIN WHAT'S GOING IN YOUR MIND WHEN YOU DON'T EVEN UNDERSTAND IT YOURSELF.
People thinking their out here'slaying ' when they're just being ignorant as hell. That's life I suppose.
People who are only hungry at " lunch time " are SO WEIRD.
People who get pointless tattoos confuse me
People who say the don't like the NBA need to watch games like this!
people who use gay as an insult are so...
People with large Twitter followings really need to watch what they say :|
@PerezHilton They have NEVER dance during a tv performance, damn dude you are sooo dumb.
Person erasing chalk drawing of gun on blackboard | Getty Images
Phone died for 2 hours charge it to 40 texts from @BrookShepherd hbu @calsilver1?
Phone Systems aren't beautiful. They're not enduring. They're not even that unique. "... BUT, check what makes
Physics failed, chemistry passed
Physics is boutta be failed tomorrow
Physics question that shocked everyone
Pissed is an understatement right now.
Pissed off = understatement.
Planning my final for my bakingII class & I think I'm gonna do a cake I sucked at the first time around... #challengeaccepted
Plus i cant even go to the gym to release my frustration because i have no transportation there. Home alone, bored and frustrated.
@pocketjiho WTF IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE
@pocketsyub not right now! i'm trying to finish my homework but i got distracted
@PointlessBlog no one can ever drink too much hot chocolate ???
@poisonandtrash she really does sound really sarcastic... maybe it's just bc we're both sarcastic assholes tho
Police Abuse Woman After Entering Home Without Warrant via TheWing
Police are investigating after a fire was set intentionally at a mosque in Peterborough.
Police arrest wife of #Raleigh man accused of trying to drown their kids
Police now say deadly fire near Charleston & Lamb intentionally set and possibly done to cover up crime. @8NewsNow
Police : Victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set
Police : Victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set : The victims in a deadly fire Monday were rest
Police : Victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set #vegas #lasvegas
@politico THIS ONE? RT @DRUDGE_REPORT Majority say US at war with 'Islamic terrorism '
politics aside... Bengal is the worst state to live according to me
Pollutants push Godavari towards its worst state
Poor programming choice @AMC_TV. Who's dumb idea is it 2 have #thetalkingdead 1hour after #TheWalkingDead?WOn't make me want 2 watch Badlands
Poor @SarahPalinUSA - Fox News canceled all of her interviews yesterday and she's miffed! [total blank stare ].
Poor trim work covers SOMETHING up, question is, how bad is that something? Learn more at
Portos is always packed, but dam it's too bomb
@postpolitics that's 92 million jobless, and probably double that who are homeless and probably triple that who CANNOT afford Obama care!!!
@POTUS what's Obama's new twitter handle going to be?  I'm already missing him.
#PPP has lost 1 of the most senior leaders #MakhdoomAminFaheem. My prayers for the heartbroken family & supprtrs. #RIP
Prayers for people in Mali, Africa as a group of terrorists have taken over a hotel - at least 170 hostages
Prayers for people of France who are under attack from terrorists #France
Prayers for people who are in countries whose are in wars!
Prayers for the victims of Mali and their families.
Prayers go out for the members of @theghostinside and the people that lost their lives in the accident. Never a good thing.
Prayers go out to Mali. Sick world we live in. I'm all for people's religion but I'll never understand extremists of any religion.
PRDP with way wider release & way higher Ticket Prices is finding hard to cross HNY even with Manipulation so the frustration is visible ??
Preliminary autopsies show a mother and father were shot and killed and their two children died of smoke
Premier League clubs pay tribute to Paris victims as fans up and down the country sing 'La... #football
@presidentnm they actually arrested the second guard on duty with him and have since released him. So much for fighting crime.
Pretend you're in a cave full of jello and the only way out is to eat everything
Prison Tattoos and Their Secret Meanings
@Priyascorner he talks about dangerous khalistan, U keep talking about anti incumbency, now we know u dnt giv a fuck abt the country.
Props to the gamecocks for beating the big dominating team Vanderbilt by a whole 4 points!.
@psd on-going source of frustration. It would take so little additional effort for @ChtyCommission to release that as compliant #opendata.
Public finances are in their worst state for six years. The deficit (which is the gap between what the government
public gang bang interracial India Summer fuck
@purplejackiem and I bet no awkward " too sticky " labels to get off #artisan ??
@PutinRF_Eng one more thing. I will avail myself to you, If you can kill uhuru Kenyatta. This man is a disaster in Kenya. How about that?
put it on em, make em wanna marry me bitch shutup with all that shit.!
@Qldaah oh the poor @couriermail - always coming across as desperate #qldpol #fail #mediafail
Quick update, the couple in the relationship goals photoshoot I put up the other day actually broke up and I've never laughed so much
Quite scary when your that hungover you don't know if your going to be sick or shit yourself #sneaky
@R3allyfamous So very cold. I'd be genuinely shocked if anyone could figure out what I'm up to.
@rachel7gates Stupid android
Raising my kids Catholic so there are no awkward questions about why Santa wants Black Velvet and queso dip left out the night before Xmas
@RakimGaffney1 idk what the hell your problem is but you need to watch what you say fr. You starting to annoy me.
#raleigh Wife of Raleigh man accused of trying to drown their kids arrested
@rangiitaa_ @Tarani_26 hahahahaha tarani is actually really sarcastic for someone who looks really shy on the outside
Ran up on this fuck nigga today ?? i'd watch all that shit talkin boi last time i checked i was fuckin you bitch nigga
reading sejarah, very hard to memories... :(
@realDonaldTrump 5 days don until ur house of cards falls. Fear what you know not what you don't for it will be your undoing.
@realDonaldTrump 89 days left Your words and actions have done such damage Nothing about you is a leader Shameful campaign Loser #ImWithHer
@realDonaldTrump all NATO countries pay same % of GDP, not enough $, raise percentage
@realDonaldTrump also if secret service wasn't their in Detroit you'd got that ass whooped by all those blacks for hispanics,handicap,white
@realDonaldTrump & if the average American just attempted some stupid scam they would be found guilty just for thinking about it/bad crooks
@realDonaldTrump and both discuss what you think we should change about the country, and have an argument with each your own points...
@realDonaldTrump and they would be wrong as fuck, and you are an ass for suggesting it. Loser
@realDonaldTrump and we are going to stop the drugs and get people working
@realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter I threw up and killed myself after I read her book.
@realDonaldTrump another immigration speech. What r u going 2 say this time? U will give every illegal 1 million each & amnesty.
@realDonaldTrump Because everybody knows you are a threat to everyone in America
@realDonaldTrump cancelling 3 campaign events? Perhaps he's not well or doesn't have the stamina. Have to question his health.
@realDonaldTrump claims he is speaking subtly about unification in an arena where they scream " Hang that bitch! " with now pushback from him.
@realDonaldTrump @CNN why is ur response always so childish. "I know you are but what am I" is all you have.
@realDonaldTrump @dcexaminer Whoever came up with "draintheswamp" should be fired or shot It's so trailer trash
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr... if Julian Assange is lying, why is John Kerry and the Cankle-One trying so hard to silence him?
@realDonaldTrump #donaldtrump is Trump's opinion on Obama's birth relevant to the campaign & future of America?NO. Why is HRC obsessed w/it?
@realDonaldTrump Drop out of the race or you and your whole family goes to jail!  This is your final warning you piece of shit!
@realDonaldTrump dude you probably don't even run your OWN house. Just stop talking.
@realDonaldTrump EVEN JESUS VISITED BETHANY AFTER 4 DAYS. IF U A BIBLE READING PERSON, YOU WOULD KNOW WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT. NO GOLF THEN
@realDonaldTrump FACT : you are a terrible human being. Drop out now.
@realDonaldTrump Farmer Round Table - You failed to mention Hillary's pro-Carbon Tax which will be imposed on farmers and middle class.
@realDonaldTrump Fuck you Trump. You are just a puppet of the elites who think you are nothing but a sack of shit to control. Lap dog.
@realDonaldTrump Hate to be picky, but isn't saying what isn't demonstrably true part of your campaign speeches? Wondering how you parse it.
@realDonaldTrump @heinylives I could be wrong you could have just been making deliveries again
@realdonaldtrump he should be worried about what the people of Europe think about his views
@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton answer the question that's never been asked, why aren't you friends anymore?
@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton Illegal immigration is a crime but not of their children's. If their children are criminals, they must go.
@realDonaldTrump Hillary is using the Communist tactics. You have to call her out and keep the pressure on.
@realDonaldTrump hilry keeps falling down rhats not good and speaks volumes of health conditions and we need no more embarassment from her
@realDonaldTrump how bout those taxes, how bout reveal how many tricks the wife turned, or how bout trump u financials
@realDonaldTrump I'd be there protesting if a family member weren't having surgery on Tuesday.
@realDonaldTrump I feel bad for America, that country is fucked either way if you become president or if Hilary does. You're both useless.
@realDonaldTrump I feel the need to add you're an idiot to my list of violent, racist, narcissist psychopath. Pick one you are any or all.
@realDonaldTrump IF I MYSTERIOUSLY "DIE" WITHIN THE NEXT COUPLE DAYS OR WEEKS, I DIE FOR YOU! CLINTON CAN'T SHUT ME UP!
@realDonaldTrump if this guy was at ur speech can u image how the Media would destroy u but they give hillary a PASS
@realDonaldTrump If you are going to Everest, you should be visiting some tribes. That being said, I'm not sure why you are visiting WA.
@realDonaldTrump If you start insulting Treasonous Hillary in the presidential debates you will lose by a land slide.
@realDonaldTrump if you vote for @Hilary_Clinton your just as stupid as she is. Lying bitch.
@realDonaldTrump I'll vote for you if you pay my student loans
@realDonaldTrump I'm assuming our Dumbass governor made u say this
@realDonaldTrump I'm one of the working class who has been screwed by the Obama Administration financially I can't help hopefully I'mhelping
@realDonaldTrump is a fucking moron & street thug. Has zilch stature to hold the office of POTUS. Should be in jail.
@realDonaldTrump is a morbidly obese racist piece of shit. His mail order Cunt bride has smaller tits than him @FoxNews
@realDonaldTrump is in this for @realDonaldTrump, and no one else.
@realDonaldTrump i think trump jr had it wrong about the skittles... i believe it would be about 50 poison skittles not 3
@realDonaldTrump Just go home & call it a day. You lose
@realDonaldTrump keep fighting. I can't believe she's not in jail for all her criminal acts already. I lost count how many it is exactly.
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @kayleighmcenany When u say Hillary voted 4 the war the public knows so did Pence & Sessions U look foolish
@realDonaldTrump Lies more then no other. Not once have I understood @HillaryClinton to say she wants America's guns, only weapons of war.
@realDonaldTrump maybe they can all go to federal prison together
@realDonaldTrump @MissLizzyNJ Amen to that.. Dems have ruled Baltimore since 42' & HAVE NOT fixed MANY if not MOST of Bmore's problems.
@realDonaldTrump Mr President you are not listed in all the 52 states, your name is missing from the ballots. You have 3 days to fix that
@realDonaldTrump mr trump Monday you will have to actually answer questions not just say " don't speak about it any more" R u scared?
@realDonaldTrump My neighbors have taken your yard sign down and haven't put it back up. LOSER!
@realDonaldTrump @nbc @CNN Do you ever stop name calling? Are you 5 years old?
@realDonaldTrump @NCGOP Blame it all on Hillary. One wonders when a man of your age and stature, will take responsibility.
@realDonaldTrump No 3 day naps for us! We r all listening. I talk 2 every person around me in NY. Rochester. I can't find a Hillary supporter
@realDonaldTrump not sure how ads are false or media is unfair when they show you speaking your own words. Words of hate and inequality.
@realDonaldTrump now I need to troll you harder than your dick can get with viagra
@realDonaldTrump @nytimes If u don't like what NYT writes then - Buy it. Put up or shut up.
@realDonaldTrump Out of your own mouth you said some foul sh*t about women, and now there are accusers? How stupid are you?!?!
@realDonaldTrump Politics is not about " excitement " you idiot, it's about having a plan (which you don't ) to move us forward.
@realDonaldTrump Poor pathetic Michael Moore still can't see the forest for all the trees. Clinton is a nightmare for the working class
@realDonaldTrump #Putin didn't call you brilliant moron he called you flamboyant ask @FareedZakaria
@realDonaldTrump really tells the dishonest Bribery story and what they don't want us the people to know
@realDonaldTrump Remember Mitt was up 5% and still lost from no late advertising in last two weeks. Make a infomercial for that time. MAGA!
@realDonaldTrump replace with what? will it cover my pre-existing conditions? Leave it the fuck alone.
@realDonaldTrump @RobKovacev @CNN the Media is trying really hard to push the tax story during the Clinton foundation FBI investigation
@realDonaldTrump sad is that they allowed a scam artist and a fake to destroy them. Unworthy Trump
@realDonaldTrump See, no one is "whistling Dixie" here when they tell #Americans that the majority of #terrorists come from the #MiddleEast!
@realDonaldTrump She does NOT want to take away guns, Donald! Stop spreading lies and fear mongering vitriol!
@realDonaldTrump Shut the hell up you damn loser! You went for a photo op which I think was a big fail idiot the polls are worse for you!
@realDonaldTrump sit all of the women Bill Clinton raped in the front row!
@realDonaldTrump Suggest you make a speech about blatantly biased media - the failure of journalistic ethics. Make it an issue-cite the worst.
@realDonaldTrump That is legacy of the last republican president who all you republicans conveniently forget about. war cost how much? Hmm
@realDonaldTrump That same epidemic hit Indiana an brought HIV with it Gov Pence could've stopped it earlier but didn't. Great choice for VP
@realDonaldTrump the audio on the FB live stream mess up some women talking trash about you over your voice just a heads up.
@realDonaldTrump The people on subsidies think they will be kicked off Obamacare with no plan under you. What do you tell them? 90% of FL?
@realDonaldTrump : the presidential election version of cicadas : emerging every sixteen-odd years to annoy the hell out of anybody with ears.
@realDonaldTrump the president of the Philippines is threatening war with China over this issue. China is building man made islands.
@realDonaldTrump. THEY HAVE. For someone that is all over the news you are consistently ignorant #factcheck…
@realDonaldTrump They show the crowd and sometimes they zoom in close enough to these morons so I could pick them out of a lineup
@realDonaldTrump thinks African-Americans are ignorant - that's his basis for pandering to them now. But he's wrong.
@realDonaldTrump This is why you should not be president. Also, you hate Blacks, so, we won't be voting for you.
@realDonaldTrump This plan is no different than what all presidents claim they will when they get in the #WhiteHouse
@realDonaldTrump Trump has built up New York City for years He has no financial reasons to serve except to serve
@realDonaldTrump trump I'm seriously worried you need to fuck shit up and fast!
@realDonaldTrump Trump, you must send out a message that you do not condone the actions of those who are harassing minorities.
@realDonaldTrump Try community service for illegals that you are going to let stay if they turn themselves in. NO Food Stamps/Welfare/etc
@realDonaldTrump tweets bout Nykea Aldridge & is called selfish. Who else will call out the black on black high crime in Chicago?
@realDonaldTrump u are unfit for the office physically and me fall I whack job! Fat ugly orange pig running for president!
@realDonaldTrump u lie way more than that and u dont seem to care, so who the fuck u think u are to judge others?
@realDonaldTrump @vox4america stop your whining election is yours to lose start doing commercials and ppl on the ground y are u waiting
@realDonaldTrump We don't need the government to tuck us in and tell us bedtime stories, impose curfews, or infringe our life choices.
@realDonaldTrump we need you so bad for the next POTUS or our country may not be the same. Crooked H is only in it for herself U R 4 US
@realDonaldTrump what exactly, would you done for her? You are classless turning her death into politics. Shame on you.
@realDonaldTrump when you gonna pay back the Saudi and Russian money lil Donny?
@realDonaldTrump where do you get your info? or do you just keep lying to folks who you think are stupid? Not one minority will vote for you
@realDonaldTrump why does Donald Trump even go for president? He will destroy our economy. Vote if he should or shouldn't be president.
@realDonaldTrump Why doesnt the media ask why on 10 percent given away from Clinton Foundation a disgrace
@realDonaldTrump Why is no one talking about DJT raping and beating a 13 yrold? He should be in jail. Google and read there is a witness too
@realDonaldTrump will send our kids off to war, then thrash their moms when the kids don't come back. He can't be Commander in Chief
@realDonaldTrump will sweep the floor of This Witch Hillary Clinton and her lies and tricks tomorrow with her own Broom
@realDonaldTrump wrong! If it were rigged you wouldn't have been the nominee. No republican wanted you.
@realDonaldTrump You are as predictable as the pus&sy in the 8th grade with a big mouth that isn't showing up at the fight after school
@realDonaldTrump You are one crazy scare me. I am not younger I am a 61 years old who knows crazy when she sees it
@realDonaldTrump you are signing up your own election observers? Voter intimidation mean anything to you? @Reince put an end to this mess
@realDonaldTrump You can't do that because it will expose children to preventable disease.
@realDonaldTrump You constantly dodge questions! Why? Because you are ignorant and have no idea what's real and what you've made up.
@realDonaldTrump you do not have to raise taxes if we quit spending wastefully and get back on budget. As a SS recipient I cut back to live
@realDonaldTrump you gonna have to spend some of that money. I'm voting for you in November. Get them adds out Can't rely on donations alone
@realDonaldTrump your a clown trump you are so low end pathetic piece of garbage
@realDonaldTrump You will lose this election by your own doing!
Realizing how childish and petty everyone in highschool is, lord knows i cant wait to graduate.
Realizing you're stuck babysitting a crazy ass kid... #NoCandy #ReggieCOUZ (Vine by @ReggieCOUZ )
Really canceled my dick appointment for the bitch ??
Really going to just avoid my roomates at all costs, I don't need this stress when I'm already stressed tf out
Really got arrested just for fighting? ?? ??
really hasn't got too cold yet... I'm shocked ??
really hate long bus rides, all i do is think
Really intimidated because we the 1??
Really makes me angry that I don't have a girlfriend and I only think about the boys. I gotta find a balance
really not feeling good, so taking nyquil and going to bed. #FB
Really not motivated to do shit right now. i have a writing assignment and i still havent started yet ??
Really sarcastic when dealing with idiots.
Really sick, busy and tired lately! But the show most go on!
Really sick of the Guardian's anti Corbyn campaign. Stopped for all of 5 secs & now it's back, albeit in a less obvious guise.
Real Madrid defending worse than Arsenal, what a day of football.
reasons why we hate the rival school : they don't respect our schedule and interrupt us
Ref finally stepped in and stopped the fight. Shit was getting ugly!
Refugees can go home! 0bama said ISIS is under control. We have our own people and problems to worry about.
@reginalddhunter You have no idea how embarrassing, RH. I think I've been genuinelyawful and creepy.
Re -loosing my Twitter virginity. It's about time I messed around with the social bird of public media ??
Remember that time when I was too scared to go to school cusof my teacher and then my mentor flipped out at me?
@Reuters. 1 would not be surprised if it turns out that he spent some time in #Pakistan.
@Reuters Says the woman who posted a video angrily raising her voice asking why she's not 25 points ahead.
Rewatching Batman Begins : Bruce : " I'm no executioner. " Then kills 30 men in explosion, including the man he refused to execute.
@RHancock19 @da_WrightWay Ryne... you are talking out of your ass. Call it a night dude. You know why that grass is greener... b/c shit on it
@Ricky_Vaughn99 what the actual fuck. They're no longer even being subtle about their intentions. It's more of a war now than ever
@riconchustes and Arsenal lost vs West Brom! Shitty Saturday indeed
RIDING THAT DICK ON SOME AM SHIT! HOME VIDEO!
Right, and I'm bout tired of these bandwagon, dick riding ass hoes!
Ring Alarm Clock with Vibrating System : The alarm clock " Ring " is specially designed by Fandimeng designersfor
@rioferdy5 @5mag @paulpogba waste of money, only Man U would buy player back that Ferguson never played coz nothing special! It's a joke.
@RippedVixen shame we can't share a smoke together sometime
@riverboatking what is the screening process? I don't care but think we should take care of our southern neighbors if we knew a cost?
@robo_cop_a_feel we both failed physics sophmore year, i think you got it mixed up
Rob who he shop wit dnt giv a fuck it ant my Manz
Rolling over and not seeing your face in the morning sucks
Ronaldo really intimidated me with that nonsense.
@RosieBarton A person on your show commenting about prejudices say we need to watch what we say, then comments " there were grandmas " tsk!
Rough night. Not feeling good this morning.
rs.. i hate my teacher guts for that
RT A slice of pizza a day keeps sadness away.
Rt for a dm with Hey Violet ? Must be following ?? Don't beg please ? Reply with the vote #MTVStars 5 Seconds Of Summer ???? ~ Georgia xxxx
Rt if you failed the Physics test
RT Just found the worst page in the entire dictionary. What i saw was disgraceful, disgusting, dishonest and disingenuous.
RT This is absolutely saddening. My heart goes out to the victims who lost their lives & the 60 injured #PrayForTurkey
sad how some people don't realize the good people they have in their life
Salty because my parents got the iPhone 6s and left me hanging with my stupid android
@Sam_Akumah :28. Have you ever been heartbroken? " Way too many times, lost many soldiers
@samsmithworld pinky swear you will come back here in Manila ?? ??
@sapphireblue926 is that in espanya? Nah bruh. Always packed with people and the prices are unreasonable.
@sat_cit_ananda_ CNN is really are making the situation worse by stereotyping Muslims in a such a negative way.
@SaturdayKitchen What should I have for tea tonight? It's freezing in Scotland
@SavageChilly this isn't a good " roast "
Saw hunger games #MockingjayPart2 last night and oh my! My achey-breaky heart could not handle!
Saying that it is absolutely freezing outside is an understatement
@saymynamelizz OMFG was it a pack of 3?!?!?! I got one too but I lost them I was devastated cause I couldn't find them again!
Say the word no and they swear you don't love them anymore
scary how fast someone can mean so much to you
School is so annoying I swear. I can't wait for the semester to be over
school is so stressful I don't mind the work too much but it's the people ;;;;;
School = Prison High school = Torture College = Nightmare Work = Death (Why does life put us in a circle of work?)
School was going by fast until all you fuck niggas went back.
#Scorpios work very hard to keep their more destructive emotions under control.
@ScottForbes @Trungles @paulreinwand i havent seen it yet but you guys are scaring me
@ScubaSmyth @UncleWeezley I just get upset because he has a negative learning curve and is getting worse. Driskel where you at?
@seashell_50 @228pisces @ilabachrn Not really. The issue is always packed & lots of people are just on the'sexy at age XX ' page (& get no
@SEBTSB that's not creepy in anyway at all even though I highly doubt it
@SEBTSB uh nah thats not creepy at all
Second period is so boring
Seeing mothers and daughters together in Costa is making me miss quality time with my mum and just chatting together ??
@SeeMz_ I'd be on a scale worse than negative. Imaginary numbers
See what I mean about the screen? crazy shit.
Selena doesn't look interested "... Do y'all not realize she has a resting bitch face? I explained this already.
Self Doubt Never Seems to Go Away || #StartUpFASHION
Selfish but I can't wait to wake up on Friday morning and not have to babysit our dog for a few days.. break much needed.
Selfish people don't understand that trait contagious
@Selldwellertse I dunno yet, trying to get a rough idea of numbers before we book stuff but so far you're the only one that's replied :/
@senarath2020 @AmIsoSweet someone is Butt hurt apparently. Reserve your comments until the end of #SLBudget16 You will get #Yahapalanaya ??
Senior Nigerian Advisor to former President been arrested for possible involvement in stealing $2 billion allocated for fighting Boko Haram!
@SenSanders this is how bully tyrant operates. He will kill and jail journalists and reporters and anyone who says one word against him
Seriously fuck the marionville police, warrant cause they don't know how to read VIN numbers right!
Seriously? Fuck this. I don't need a lecture from you about my life decisions, especially not right now.
Seriously where the fuck is my upper lip? #WhitePeopleProblems
serious offer. who wants to do my home work for me for $20?
Serious question : what happened to the New Boyz? They seemed set for a long and illustrious career
@sethhmcth you're scaring me now
seventeen stans when asked if they'll miss Jeonghan's long hair when it gets cut
Sex is a way to release frustration
Sex is so disgusting!
sex level... *he close his eyes, his eyebrow twitches with anger *
@shakira in india girls dont like tan. They'll do anything to not have a tanned skin
Shame on people who cover their fugly ass identities through menfess accounts just to send bullshits to other people.
Shame When You Got Weed But Cant Smoke ?? The Irony!
shannon & cammie are relationship and life goals im gonna cry
@ShawnMendes can you hear me screaming? Shit I think I woke just my neighbors up
@ShawnMendes DONT OMG IM IN COLLEGE AND I JUST SCREAMED WTF
@ShawnMendes EEEEEHHHHHH Screaming even though Scotland's probably bot on the list ??
@ShawnMendes if you are not coming to hamburg you are seriously missing out
@ShawnMendes if you don't do it we're unstanning yo ass #PlayBadAssGirlAtMSG
@ShawnMendes I'm forced to wake up early for school and see that you're announcing your first ARENA TOUR. When did you grow up?
@ShawnMendes listen, I am really tired, how am I going to stay up for an hour extra just to see that you are tweeting everyone but me? 03:09
@ShawnMendes maybe if i go to sleep now and wake up in 2 hours for school ill be able to get a job and pay the tickets of the tour
@ShawnMendes put lower prices please!!!!! And dont do the passport thing
@ShawnMendes this is everything you've ever wanted you got here yourself the nerves will leave once you see 18, 200 people all there for you
@SheFuckedCoogi I just find sex disgusting
she must be REALLY sick not to care about that much fire around her because any kid would care about that much fire around them
Shep's last day at work I'm so sad ?? ?? Ima miss you!
She's pissing me off I swear.!
She's so ugly @geenamariie #sarcasm
She thinks you hate her
she tried drawing fire and I've never laughed harder
She use to serve this shit ?? ??
She was devastated ?? ??
@Shin_Duo oh i know... was 17 -25yr olds with nothing to do but find flaws in the new game called the internet... pools closed faggot!
shit girl his mustache was too intimidating
Shit happens fam " im so mad
Shit, I don't have mood to start my last school assignment. It is due in 2 weeks time.
shit i dropped my phone in the sewer
shit still cnt find any shi jian fr that tho :((((
shitty ass day @ work ?? ?? ??
Shitty day
Shitty I lost my fuckin phone
Shitty I lost uh 5O on det bet! ??
Shitty shitty day ??
SHIT WALKING DEAD IS ALREADY FIRE
Shit X -Raided ain't been on a Lynch song in a long ass time
Shmaybe this is not so good
Shocked at how mild this last few days has been, my diary shows last year was very cold.
Should I do my home work, I'm thinking no
Should I stay up and watch Shameless or go to sleep
should never have apologised because one person couldn't read.
????????- shouldn't you be sleeping! You need to do my home work for Tuesday I'm serious ??
Shout out to my boy Chris Hutson for getting fired by Subway #DonaldTrump
Shout to me for waking up to my first alarm and then turning off all the other ones and falling back asleep. ??
shower then going to sleep.. so mad ion even wanna eat! ? ??
Showing your teeth and tattoos, scaring the locals.
@shwood of course everyone should subscribe: who doesn't want to become a criminal/wizard/spy/whatever is possible??
@sibby_dean in a really sarcastic way. ?? ?? ?? ??
Sick of not feeling good enough for anyone
@Sierra__Alexis tv dumb loud ??
Signs you should go to sleep : When you're sitting in the commuter lot crying over the acoustic " Believe " album and saying " YAS BIEBER. "
Silhan Özçelik, 18 Sentenced 21 months, first Briton to be arrested for trying to fight against Islamic State in Syria
Since we don't share this bed no more, I can't sleep at night.
Sir, you shld be arrested for calling Sharia this! After Bihar verdict.. I think ISIS is fighting eco - colonialism
Size 6 pants are loose on me #bestfeelingever!
Skittles aren't my favorite candy anymore because they took the lime skittles out and put green apples of disappointment.
@SkyNews devils! It just has to be stopped the world needs to speak out. Evil barbaric monsters.
@SkyNews @LiamFoxMP what would he know he's never worked in the private sector he has always been paid from taxes paid my SME's. IDIOT
Sky pundit and former Liverpool star Graeme Souness rushed to hospital amid health scare
@Slate These false equivalency arguments are destroying us. Not upholding a citizens constitutional rights isnt an option worthy of debate
@Slimroyal___ yes.. Only thing Ima be looking forward to is cornbread dressing & dirty rice & macaroni.. Ion eat shit else ??
Sluts be going to kon-o -kwee to make a bitch cult
Sluts will be sluts
Small kids can drown in sinks, tubs, toilets and even half-filled buckets! Make November a water-safe month in your home!
Smh and it's usually hot down here ?? ??
@Smiley360 find more time to pamper myself rather than be stressed! (I don't need any more wrinkles ) #NaturesBountyBeauty
Smoke weed wtf huhh shame on me
SMOKING DEAD NIGGAS WE CAN MATCH NIGGA
sneezing with a sore throat is one of the worst pains ever
@snowflaketroye yas! and i hate ur english teacher shes a bitch
So all that lockdown and rhythm are all in a bunch of pain in the ass for people who are stressing out and saying our prayers are with a lie
So bored. Need something to do
So devastated that I miss the impractical jokers tonight. I could have seen Sal in person ?? #Crush
So... EOC is coming up at my school... They made me swear an oath not to talk about the test... #rebel
@sofiaandreoni I know! IDK I was really intimidated by you when we went to school together! X )
sofia brought this for me when I was hungry & lazy to cook ?? #latedinner
@SofoSofoD hell no my account been acting crazy, I got a spam so I had to reverse it. I'm following back everybody as u can c
So French forces bomb a Syrian hospital full of children and there's no mention of it in today's
so fucking stressed don't need this
So guys don't share beds at sleep overs...?
So heartbroken ive lost my princess ring ??
So I accidentally took over the whole room and now I'm trying to make room for my roommate... WHO IS COMING TOMORROW BTW... #rushed
So I basically had to drive away not knowing if i have internal damage to my car and I have no contact info for this psycho bitch.
So I Googled " How old is the Earth " and the first few results are direct from Creationists... ye gods, I'm so NOT feeling lucky #wtf #fail
So i have no idea what i did with my pay stub which means i either lost it or tossed it in the garbage. Time to watch my bank account -_-
So i have to use a stupid android phone which i don't even know how to use
So I'm just on the phone with my ex. no awkward silence
So i think i just failed my physics test ??
So I thought I failed my physics test but as it turns out I got an 88 ??
Some drunk guy popped my chain last night & I lost my charm... #heartbroken
Someone just followed me on Tumblr just to talk shit about Jessica Alkirk.
Someone let me know why this school bus in front of me full of children doesn't have brake lights... Must be illegal or something
Someone really doesn't want to get out of bed today #germanshepherd #gsd #family #love #knoxkeith
Someone set a horse on fire intentionally... the fuck!
Someone should cuddle me to sleep. Tired of falling asleep on empty bottles of Scotch.
someone who speaks of something that complete opposite of what he means,. correct me if i'm wrong again.
Sometimes I can't tell if @katecarneyy is serious or not?
Sometimes its really hard to believe that everything happens for a reason.
Sometimes I wonder am I the crazy one or is everyone else crazy #deepthought
Sometimes paper cuts are deeper than they appear. #deepthought
Sometimes, the person you'd take a bullet for ends up being the one behind the gun. - Tupac
Sometimes you can tell it's going to be a bad day when someone you don't like is smiling.
Sometimes you gotta drop a ?? on him so you know its real for the one time
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve.
Sometimes you miss the memories, not the person.
So much built up anger, frustration, and disappointment.. time to release it all and move on #nothingleftformetodo
@SoMuchCatfood I REMEMBER I WAS REALLY INTIMIDATED BUT THE TABLES HAVE TURNED
So no awkward trans conversations either
soon as Y'all about to have sex she at the door yelling " KEISHA NO! We have to go home "
sore is an understatement
Sore lips are the worst.
Sore throats are the worst
sore throats are the worst things in the entire world
sore throats are the worst worst worst worst worstttttt
Sore throat = the worst symptom. I actually might prefer crying blood.
Sorry folks, here is the correct schedule. Wasn't feeling good this morning. My apologies - Jasmine
Sorry I was inactive yesterday, im really sick
Sorry to change my handle, but I COULD not resist. #EvilRegal #LanaIsLiteralQueen
Sorry to hear you have to deal with people doing that. Not right!
Sorry Warhill fans. This one is on me. Hidden Valley now leads Lions 11 -9 in set 3
so sick of everyone I fucking hate people
so silent before storm? chennai you scaring me :/ chennairains
So stressed and upset when I don't need to be
So the thumps up gesture is an insult in Iraq.
so today I found out im highly allergic to crab and now im covered in hives and having a hard time breathing s/o to me
So today I saw a newer model Chevy Caprice! Looks nothing like the old ones but it was a caprice.
So tonight marks the end of chem lab for this semester and holy shit I couldn't be happier
So while I was in the shower.. I swear half my hair fell out ????????
@SpiritAirlines Canceled flights and terrible communication. Not a good way to retain customers. You've lost my business.
Splash Cars will have you turning a boring gray town into a colorful monstrosity : by
Sports get my mind off of the stressful things in my life.
@springah That link you posted The youtube vids - Melb hipsters are lame. The Sydney vid even got the accent right!
@Squeeze_85 - Roll on tomorrow :-/ #ahgad
@SRKFC1 @Saavn i was so impatient that i downloaded the video itself and coverted into. mp3 ??
srry denying it doesn't mean it's not right but some choose to be blind willing
Stade de France explosion kills three in Paris after
@starmmm Too bad yall could not handle our qb!
Started Christmas shopping today. Let me just say, my bank account is not happy with me. ????
Staying up late is the devil! I keep waking up and falling back to sleep! I'm up for the day finally but now I won't be able to sleep ):
@staytravelin I mean she set Damon on fire because of how Caroline turned out after she got turned. And Enzo intentionally put Caroline in
Steak 'n Shake after the hockey game tonight is all I'm looking forward to ??
@Stefanovic_10 @yousefroxz bro you lost by 4 STFU man fucking shitty
@StephaliciousD The Boston -Philly train next Tuesday was my usual Thanksgiving train. I used to hate it because it was always packed
@sterling7 GRASS AINT GREENER ON THE OTHER SIDE IS IT YOU ABSOLUTE SNAKE OF A CUNT.
STERLING YOU CUNT. THE GRASS ISNT ALWAYS GREENER ON THE OTHER SIDE YOU GREEDY SNAKEY CUNT HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA
@steveindisguise I don't care if you don't care what I think though.
stfu.. let me die in peace.. #spoilers #ofwhat
still failed the econ test redo shocker shocker
Still Foolin ' 'Em : Where I've Been, Where I'm Going, and Where the Hell Are
Still heartbroken that I lost my mac lipstick last time I was out
Still no reply.. guess I'm right ??
@StoicChief + him unbearable shocked were the ward that the older's gave to him, leaving a red marks dwells within his pale cold skin — +
stomach hurt so bad ?? about to get in the shower & lay down
@stoolpresidente ya never know when something crazy could happen
Stop in and check out this conversation sofa!
STOP MAKING BLONDE HAIR HARRY EDITS THEYRE SCARING ME
Stop snapping me ??????
Stop snapping me, I really don't care.
Stop snapping me. Just stop
stop snapping while driving -_-
Stop taking all these photo shoots before you get hurt
stop talking shit pare it aint cool hahaha
Stop the cycle before its too late, before you know it relationship abuse will have taken over your whole life
Stop trying so hard for people who don't care.
Stop using gay as an insult. Stop using gay as an insult. Stop using gay as an insult. Stop using gay as an insult.
straightening my hair will be the death of me
Strange what a day we went, and it hurts to see what we are today.
Stressed about school and fucking mad as fuck about other things that I don't need this is ridiculous
Stressed is an understatement
Stressed Out! What Can Teachers Do About It! | @MindshiftKQED #education #stress
Stressed & slouching? Try these yoga poses you can do AT YOUR DESK : (No, you don't need to be a yogi to do them ).
struggled for 45 minutes this morning to find my silver jacks & come to find out, they're 2 and half hours away.. #greaaat
Student Arrested After Killing Neighbor in Cock Fighting Theft Case in Bacolod
STUPID WISCONSIN WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU
Subtle Infiltration HasTakenOverOurWhite House You will Be Shocked ISIS Plan to Conquer America | Shira Sorko -Ram.
Subtle momentum shift as Miura dictating the pace in round four. Vargas sticking and moving, conscious of cut under his eye #MiuraVargas
@SuburbanGum AND LIFE IS A NIGHTMARE! IM JUST A KIIIIIID I KNOW THAT ITS NOT FAIR!
Subway Star's Child Sex Scandal Hits Disgusting New Low
Such a shit start to my morning ?? ??
suicide vs money (asking a homeless man )
#SuitsTheKindOfKidThat doesn't understand why he failed physics when he didn't go or hand in the labs
@superduperbrick I felt bad for making one for Kyle but not Brick. I love you Brick! #SuperDuper #Really #Yeah
sup kids I just woke up after waking up and falling back asleep
Surface Tablets are the biggest pieces of shit I swear.
@sutterink - yeah... This guy has no agenda at all
Swans, Pigs, and the CIA : An Unlikely Radio Story Shortwave radio is boring, right? Maybe not. You never know
Swear! I don't understand people nowadays
swear I hate this bitch
Swear im going smack @GWAUP24 face off ?? ?? ??
Swear I never hear about anyone going to Arbys
Swear I've just been woken up by a woman screaming, bizarre
Swear she a ten if I forgot to mention
Swear work be turnt ?? ?? even tho i swear ion be wanting to go
@taeharryung its the cat waking up and then falling back asleep on its side
Take a #gofuckyourself pill GOODNIGHT ASSHOLES #ENJOY
Take me shoppin in France and he pay in advance
Take you to hell I ain't foolin ' Can't you tell
Talk about having a bad day ?? #SalahAbdeslam #ISIS
@TandonRaveena how do u kno so much abt them.. r u scaring us
@tanglederin @madisonmrc wtf is wrong with her
@taran_adarsh this is not so good! sunday should hv been much higher
@TaRhondaThomas is talking #stress and how to deal. What stresses you out most? Tell us about it using #BeOn9
TASS : World - Explosion in Kabul kills two - media
@TaylorandBesty Not sure what I'm looking forward to most. This or Star Wars. In hindsight, I should of suggested that you dress up as Vader
Taylor made me drive to Corsicana and she didn't even go out wasted gas I DID NOT have.
Taylor York is really sarcastic hahahahahhahah
@tayylorrj20 you're about as subtle as a gun ??
@tbhbooty we ugly who we foolin
Tbh most london girls that have over a 1000 followers tweets are so shit yet they are so gassed because thirsty dudes beg them!
TCU fans look devastated ??
Teen found out her boyfriend, 16, was dead by watching video of him dying on Facebook after he w... #gunfail #nra
@Telegraph @TelegraphNews Every moment is recorded. No room for regret. Think before speaking. She said what she sa…
Tell it to my 9 bitch.
Tell ya girl stop snapping me
Tempted to call my supervisor a cunt on my last day at work
Terrible things can happen but it's never on you
@Tessa_Spade who doesn't love squishy little babies hehehe
#thankyoujesus don't need to be stressed out right now!
That annoying moment when people only respond to the last part of your text, and leave the first and middle parts unanswered.
That annoying moment when someone enters your room and leaves the door wide open when they leave.
That annoying moment when your mom compares you to another kid and she has no idea how much worst they are than you.
That annoying moment when your parents start with : " when I was your age... "
#ThatAwesomeMoment when the guy cutting your hair with shavers says oh fuck
That awkward moment when there is no awkward moment, you're just awkward.
That car note shit is DEAD!
That damn Holliday can only hit solo homers, not #clutch at all #BFIB
that i miss you text from tomie really made my day
That nonchalant shit gone turn me off. If you don't care, cool. Make room for the girl that does.
That " not good " enough feeling sucks.
@ThatoDM these are the celebrity tendencies we don't appreciate here the no of followers must be equal to following, unless when u r a celeb
That one class you just hate with the burning fire of a thousand suns.
That really intimidated my flunkies.
That's a really stressful place to be. Your body AND mind need down time. #MTTalk
That's a Troy Deeney own goal. But #MUFC won't care.
that's hard to fathom... so freaking hot down here! Even at night!
That shit really made my day!
That shit she just told me made me mad for some reason... I shouldnt have asked
that shower made everything so much worse
that's not just me is it because it strikes me as weird and creepy and unintentionally stalker-ish and I don't like it
That sounds really sarcastic ??
That sounds really sarcastic but it isn't I promise
That's sad when u gotta go in the bathroom to FaceTime ur child #sneaky
Thats the only thing I hate about being a teacher is that if your students are sick your ass is up next.
That's very aggressive. I bet the coeds weren't too happy... unless you started popping your pecs.
That's yo main shout out to her brain that lil nerd bitch
THAT WASN'T THERE BEFORE IS THIS A SPLINTER?! WTF IS THISSSSSSS *HISSES* Also, my mom randomly asks my weight #ThanksForTheEgoBoost
that was the worst nightmare of my life
the account is so boring now, kmt.
@TheAlbinoPython the grass is always greener shit eh
The Alexandrians are literally the dumbest people in the apocalypse. This isn't even like TV stupidity, they're just fucking dumb. #TWD
the amount of biphobia in the replies makes me hate this fandom so much
The amount of times I put my glasses down and forget where makes me think I shouldn't have laughed quite so hard at Velma during Scooby Doo.
the amount of videos taylor sent me from rowyso of me yelling " i fucking hate you " at calum is unreal?
the bad thing about having long hair is sometimes it will move over your arm and you lose your shit because you think it's a spider
The biggest mistake I've made in my life, is letting people stay in my life far longer than they deserve to.
The biggest mistake I've probably ever made was wearing sweat pants to school
The bitch shaarrletemz and the shovel ?? got me rolling this morning
The Brain Injury Peer Visitor program brings together former brain injury patients with current patients.
The canteen is always packed and it makes me so anxious to sit in there.
The conversation around that breakfast table seems so fake #GenerationsTheLegacy
The conversation I've just had proves us right not to give them the time of day let alone our country.
the debt that all men pay isnt the debt all fathers pay. think about it #DeepThought
The difference between when a guy does something wrong and when a girl does something wrong
The Dirty Jersey Files : eXXXotica NJ 2015 Pictures : Part  2
@TheEconomist Not a surprise when the most press and media are disrespectful often calling them by surnames etc
@TheEconomist The US and NATO are the ones being hostile toward Russia. Stop with the propaganda. If there's war, DC is to blame.
@TheEllenShow is seeing @usainbolt as a person, not a person of color. She doesn't care about color (except when it comes to fashion ).
@TheEllenShow I used to do this too... I was a horrible kid to keep in the house too.
@TheEllenShow @usainbolt idk why people are getting offended by this
@TheEllenShow Worst interviewer ever. Ever second word is ehh ehh. Do you even prepare for interviews.
@TheEllenShow ~ you usually say that when you have offended someone somehow.
@theellenshow @zacefron "Every time I come on this show its really weird really weird all because of Ellen" I remember this duet with Taylor
@TheeneshOwntage No food :(
@theevxl @drewskiIIs u're not a directioner for nothing lmao, i don't have time for ur bullshits go back shipping a non existant couple ?? ??
The face I made as a kid when I heard someone swear #MTVStars 5 Seconds of Summer
The fact that I have been training for months for the next two races is mind numbingly stressful
The fakest Mfs Swear they the Realist ?? ??
the first mp3 I ever downloaded was 'piece of shit car ' by adam sandler.
the first time I met you, I was really intimidated by you " - @DelatteAshley
@TheFive Stop yelling and talking over each other
The fuck is @AliciaDePetro and @kauff3
The future for my night : laying in the dark, wrapped up, watching Hulu alone
The gators are scaring me before the FSU game
The goal is not to create a cool invention, the goal is not to get a patent, but rather the goal is to make money.
The grass is always greener on the other side till you're on the other side & you realize it's only fake grass
thegreatpeanut : Saw Crimson Peak a while ago but never got the chance to draw what I wanted to draw
The hardest thing about living in western NC is that no one sells chicken and waffles. #whitepeopleproblems
The high school physics question that shocked everyone.
the i have 4 kids and i hate my life 11's
@TheInfamousNck I have a stupid android... no middle fingers yet ??
The investigation shows that the fire was intentionally set to cover up the killings. The investigation continues.
@TheIrwinEmpire you dont have to say sorry
The Isley Brothers | Contagious
The Journey of a Damaged Woman to Someplace Normal @TaylorTfulks20
The kind of Negative, nasty, castiest campaign #CONgress is doing in local elections in Gujarat is worse ever till now for me
@TheMarcStone Marc sometimes I swear we're the same person.
The most disgusting and bizarre public transport experiences
The movie is here : Bound sluts forced to make out in locker room shower
The MTA can careless about you having a job or school
The @mtvlife team got temporary tattoos and nobody could tell they were fake :
The Natalee Holloway movie makes me wanna cry?
The news is 99. 9 % tragedies. I'd rather be ignorant than disgusted/devastated. It's sad that this is the world we live in. #Whereisthelove
Then they'll fuck around and catch a walking dead disease.
The Obama Administration is deliberately incompetent. They are traitors to the US of A.
The older I get, the more I realize that a lot of shit isn't for me.
@theomarramirez I swear boy ?? ??
The one time I have a conversation with someone I'm auto magically talking to them? Wtf?
The only other person who could write a book this shitty and get it published would be Eric Carle. Fallon foolin us.
The only reason my shoulders may be distracting is because I'm extremely white #WhitePeopleProblems
The only thing I remember from last night was waking up around 10, seeing I had a Snapchat, watching the video, and falling back asleep
The only thing my art teacher has taught me is how to trace. I hate my art class.
The only thing this Madrid can use is the pace of their attackers. They can't match Barcelona's free flowing football.
The only thing worse than a negative referee report is an incoherent one.
The people who take their shitty days out on the people around them deserve to have that shitty day
the photo is not right. surprised he didn't delete it? even if it's from San Francisco, could the black on white rate be that high?
The physics question that shocked everyone #Greece #teacher
The physics question that shocked everyone via newscomauHQ Really?
The Physics teacher made me hate it though. Gosh.
the point was blacks kill each other way more than anyone else kills them so they should focus on that not cop shootings
the problematic kid that I constantly tweet about just started an argument with " I'm not belittling women's rights but.. " WHAT I
the professors that assign homework on the first day of class are not my friends.
The q shld be why Cameron are you treating unemployed worse than criminals who get fed 3 x a day. Why r u brutally infringing human rights
The question is... Can you drop me?
There are a lot of Christmas decorations my cat will straight-up murder.
The record has gotten worse each of the last 3 years, and no Nat 'l Title since 07. Maybe the rationale, not that I agree with it
there is always that one class that you hate going to everyday! ?? ??
There is too much anger, hate, resentment and fear on the physical plane. We need to lighten the fuck up
There must be millions of people all over the world who never get any love letters... I could be their leader.
THERES A BUNCH OF BANGING GOIN ON OUTSIDE AND ITS SCARING ME SO MUCH
There's nothing like the smell and feel of freshly washed sheets
There's nothing more beautiful than a full fridge ??
There's something wrong with me... It seems I'm lacking something... I need #Koko... @ELrepGh
THERE WAS A COUPLE @ THE 1975 LAST NIGHT AND THEY WERE DRESSED AS MATTY N THAT GIRL IN THE ROBBERS VIDEO ID NEVER LAUGHED SO MUCH
There was a point this year where I just started becoming really negative, n it just grew and got worse.
The road to get to #AshvsEvilDead has been filled with evil, witchcraft, & hallucinogenics.
??The same girls thirsting over this are the ones who are so quick to call Ariana/Demi/Selena/LM/5H " sluts " ??
These #Badgers need to step it up. Not a great start to Senior Day. #NWvsWIS
these bandwagon ass social media fueled hoes nowadays
these bitches were making my cake
@thesecartoons @sangsterobrien I think I'm gonna cry these shows bring back so many memories ?? ??
These Girls Really Don't Care If You Can See Their Pantie
these kids drink so heavy and I'm starting to wonder what it is that they're trying to drown
These MILITANT TROUBLE MAKERS HATE 'WHITEY ' so guess what? 'Whitey ' wants NOTHING to do with you. via @YahooNews
These next two days of school you will find me in sweat pants cause I don't even care
these niggas bettin bags of chips. lmmfao. ican't
These niggas have no shame. ??
These old ladies pointing at me on this train ffs
These sluts are nuts
These young girls at clark haven't found their self yet poor things
the shit i do for bap doesnt justify my fanluck its been 3 years cmon
The shit that's on tv is ridiculous, our society is dumb af.
the shrine and its facility are in worst state govt shd do something about it
The side bitch who went overboard
@Thesixler the ads are always for weird things that fall in the category of #whitepeopleproblems
The Starbucks in Addison is always packed smh
@TheSun I blame the progressive left who push the fascist idea that we have to take them or be called the dreaded " racist " if we don't.
#The sun is so freaking hot. Down here
@TheSun what about them cleaning up black areas building schools clinics housing? NO
@thesun Why do you guys always post the same story about 50 times everyday? Desperation at it's finest.
The time when me and mummy got arrested for fighting the neighbour we was thelma and louise ?? I shouldn't laugh
@thetomska not really a fun topic, but maybe your thoughts about the paris attacks, or how it's seen from UK?
the tv's are going to make us dumb " " too late "?
The TV show Hoarders is terrible! The camera crew keeps stepping all over my stuff
@theUKtoday needs socket near the bedside table, so the phone can charge over night and I don't have to get out bed to turn alarm off
The #vet said that I am #sick and need #medicine. I hate #pills ???? ?? #cats #catsoftwitter
'The Walking Dead ' Could Soon Become a Terrifying Theme Park Ride!
the water is so cold I cannot shower like this
the wee girl behind me in Costa is asking the real life questions " why is this muffin square why do they not like circles mum? "
The worst about it is that most people that have vocal opinions on it can't even pass a high school proficiency test
The worst part about getting shots isn't the needle, it's how sore your arm is afterwards!
The worst part of winter isn't the cold, it's getting shocked every time you touch something. #StaticElectricityCanBlowMe
they are. they're coming from a place where the idea of infringing on human rights isn't looked down on & disparaged.
they are trying to drown out the #BlackLivesMatter movement by showing Americans how we " really " act. & the kids are watching
they could sit onstage and sleep and i'd still pay $500 to see them on tour
The yelling and interrupting that happens on @TheFive is similar to the #GOP debate. Maybe boorishness is just a #TeaParty trait
They found a person that had been fighting for ISIS and arrested him about 1hr and 20 minutes from where my dad lives!
@TheyHateTee Hoe idgaf wat you never been if you so BILLY BAD ASS fuck you ain mention me for Lil BABY Im @ your name so you know its real!
They have no shame left
THEY HAVE TO HURRY FUCK I WAMMA MEET THERE ASSES ALREADY
They must be making them wrong #sarcasm
they say the grass is greener on the other side but I'm too busy watering my own grass to be worried about yours. ??
they so aggy ?? I hate this class yo.
they some sluts, they gon fuck for a kilo ??
They've mastered drowning out my irrelevant comments the way moms drown out their kids calling them a million times in the store. Lmaooo.
they would be crazy to get rid of miles. Extremely crazy!
Things That Guys Do That Girls Hate -
Thinking about it I actually don't like you
This Ace class is so boring ??
This bitch must've forgot I was 18, I can do wtf I want.. Don't gotta ask nobody to do shit
This bitch really took her time to write a letter cuz of Cam Newtown's dab dance. #whitepeopleproblems
This book so boring, got 4 people asleep ??
This class is full of children and I may or may not want to commit seppuku.
This co main event is fuckin lit, holy shit
This day is so shitty
This dumb ass TV keep freezing
This English class math. And we all know how much I HATE math
This game is scaring me though, really not sure what to expect from the team and some players
this gonna be a boring ass day I can feel it.
This gull was too late to try and steal the King Eider's catch.
This is a tense wait to find out about my cough
This is charter infringing lynch mob illegal uneducated trailer trash. Suck my dick canadian trash.
this is not right. funny, but not right
This is not so good.
This is not so good. Stephen Hoyt.
This is really bad. The problem is I don't know when I'll be called. My only choice is to wait until I'm called.
This is Swachh Bharat for you for which we're now even being forced to pay Swachh Cess. It's Loot Unlimited. -
this is twitter if you take TWITTER seriously then you need to look outside... take a walk maybe? do something about your mentality
This is what I get for falling back asleep and waking up at 1
This is why I fucking hate having anger issues dawg
This low ceiling is the sky ; I am your umbrella and the rain
This Man Did Something Shocking With His Wife's Dead Body Continuously For Years.
This man named both of his children Ashley... wtf is wrong with him
this one episode in which the matsu kids are more terrifying than usual and fucking drown iyami
This pain and hurt is unbearable but I know I have to keep going. Somehow but I have to do it.
THIS : " Paris is being used to justify agendas that had nothing to do with the attack " by Trevor Timm
This Piggy Never Leaves Her Dog Mom Alone #animals #funny #omg #viral #babypig #piggy
This really sucks I hate being sick!
this shit is dumb get off of my tv with this
This vehicle was intentionally set on fire behind the Maple Grove Missionary Baptist Church, in Sylvia, during
This Weather is scaring me
This weed is so potent, it's a shame I have to smoke it
This weekend is going to suck
This weekend is going to suck smh
this weekend is gonna suck
this weekend is gonna suck! but MONEY
this weekend is gonna suck without my car ??
This weekend sucked and this week is about to suck
This week long hotel stay might not be so bad
This Week's " Inkigayo " Canceled because of Death of Former President
This why I hate being sick.
This yeezy " mula " and this " bang all summer " on disc 1 lawd smh @kanyewest @thegame
Those girls that post so much stuff about how shitty of a boyfriend they had, and then get back together with him the next day
Those guys who smoke weed and drink two bottles of beer and starts talking about opening a company :( -_- #Shame Waste
Those rocks really intimidated us?
Though, I guess I can take being able to identify what was wrong with it and how I can fix it now as a step in the right direction!
thoughts and prayers for those people involved in the situation that has occurred in Paris this evening.. Very sad ??
threw up twice, almost passed out & I'm at work... today is such a shitty day.
Thru 3 games, Western Illinois is first in the country in 3P % (efficiency ) and dead last in 3PA/FGA (volume ):
@thutz_51 I miss you too dawgy
@TideFalconFan you realize you lost at home to the shitty " ole piss " right?
Tiger week... One week no uniform and one yellow shirt in my closet... #challengeaccepted
@TIME don't understand why people have to make things so awkward when it comes to sex or porn or drugs or anything really ??
Time for a quick pump, I need to release some frustration ??
@TIME Hillary's mess of corruption is a disgrace to women everywhere. She should be ashamed, she has let women of all ages down.
@TIME Talk about killing American jobs. WTF?? This is a hatred idea aimed at America workers. @POTUS!!!
time to release some sexual frustration.
@TIME Ugh, this is what's wrong with so many cultures... get to know yourself first, then consider letting someone else into your life.
Tips for Losing Weight at Home. Lose up to 8lbs in one week
Tired is an understatement.
Tired of all these tuff crowd shooting ass niggas ??
Tired of seeing " relationship goals " y'all have more relationship goals than life goals. ?? ?? ??
Titans ' WR coach should be hoarse after yelling at DGB for lack of urgency on this drive.
@tn4venkat @_mustafaay they do also start the fire first ; intentionally ; in every case
@TNAGutCheck sign up #KrisLewie. With such technical skill and imposing physique as his, he is money to b made! #TnaGutcheck
@tnasty14 5 out of your last 10 tweets are whining about something #cryaboutit #thatllmakepeoplestop #not
@Tobi_Yooo you mean HOLE -Y SHIT ahhahahdhdfhsfsdk (i'm looking at ur twitter bc u followed me and i'm a creepy stalker but not really hello )
today a coworker was being really sarcastic and mean to me and i tried to leave the backroom and he blocked me from leaving
Today has been a shitty day but it sucks more because I can't talk to you
today is a shitty day
, today is boring aass shittt
Today is Friday and I'm off work. It's not even noon, and I have puke on my shirt. It's not my own vomit. Adult sticker unlocked!
Today's been a shitty day so far
Today show is boring nothing going on Same old same drag out storylines. ?? #YR
Today's stupid comment : Colleague was talking bout 'Black Friday ' and I asked if it was today. #fail
Today we got shocked in physics @woodland_2016
To every school burying their heads in the sand re #socialmedia. Don't let your kids drown! #MiamiDevice
To hell with the stats. How about all races quit killing people #onelove
@TokioHotalien I think its so disgusting. Without that woman babbling, nb would even know that B &T had lived Krähenwinkelwhen they were kids
toms taking a cigarette break while 5sos is on im following in his footsteps I can't be there for this i'd rather murder my lungs.
@tonichelleak Exactly! I don't smoke, or do drugs, or drink much, so food IS my addiction. Nobody would shame me for that addiction on
@TonyHinchcliffe Maybe this is not so good of an idea.
Too bad I can only use these emojis in my ipad and not on my phone. Stupid android.. Y u no update?! ???????
Too bad I cant go to lifetime. Thankkkyou hurting toe, I dont feel fat at all #psych
Took time to re think my whole life once and I realized that I don't need a lot of the people or things I constantly stressed about
Too late to try to fix it myself so I'll try again tomorrow and bring it to the office if it's still broken.
Too lazy to make up the bed, sleeping sheet less ??
@toosmooth_will he the reason we lost.. Nigga was shitty from start to finish.. pg from UNI took Berry SOUL! smh
@torrez I just got a LinkedIn request from someone who tried really, really hard to screw @pbowden and me. Sociopaths have no shame.
Tory MP says more women should be sent to prison to achieve equality with men DID HE TALK A GLASS EYE TO SLEEP AGAIN
to say I'm totally lost in Econ is the understatement of the year.
To the police officers reading this tweet - fuck you. Defiant. Will never back down. AF
to whoever wants to fuck up MY relationship, get your own to mess with you fucking low life.
to you, i was a cigarette break to me, you were a forest fire
Trans Day of Remembrance rip to all my trans babies who were killed because of hate crimes or suicide. #TDOR
Transfer Deadline day... Shame I'm off work.
#Traxxz #HipHop #omg Man Convicted In Lil ' Wayne Tour Bus Shooting Sentenced To 10 Years In Prison
@TrickOrSnickers -Is so lost in need. Her head falls back, long hair spilling all the way down to tickle your thighs as she rides you hard,
Tried face timing my sister but forgot she has a stupid android
Trumps ego has become so large its infringing on Ted Cruzs. Cruz threatens to bomb if Trumps ego doesnt back off. #bombtheshitoutofit
@trustbefour these bandwagon hopping ass hoes
#Truth If You do not take care of You then what is left? Making your #health a priority is of the utmost
trying for someone who could careless about you fucking sucks.
Try to damage my ego. I'll just get you back with it. #pbtweet
@TUCK_19: It's boring up here, I'm going crazy? " u bout to come home tho
Tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12
#Turkey : Fuck you. Get your shit together. Which side do you fight for anyways?
Turning off the lights downstairs and running upstairs quickly so no one kills you.
Tv blackout rules are so dumb
@twitter fix the stupid android app its ugly
Twitter should really have a word correction thing for after we post something if we mess up because it's a struggle with autocorrect
Two months after Kumbh Mela in Nashik, Godavari is once again a nullah choked with garbage and plastic
Tyga feat. Kirko bangz Out This Bitch
@TyriqueDaGoat always talking about how they get hurt but they fucking everybody. You're a hoe, reason niggas could careless about you
u dont have to say sorry ??
Ughhh I'm so dumb I'm always watching recorded tv and not skipping the commercials
Ugh ?????? I hate being sick
Ugh I really need to do my home work
Ugh today needs to be over!
Ugly bitches who are bitches should stop that shit.
u know when ur having a bad day Yh same ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
Um trynna go c dat new movie possession today... Dat lil white bitch look crazy as hell
@UncleBobStorage no one called me. This is very disappointing to be treated this way. Your phone lines go out and you charge me a fee.
Uncomfortable is an understatement
Union leaders from fighting for women's rights at work! Seattle needs paid parental leave!
@united on a day with no weather of note your service from PHX to YYC was 8hrs late, a whole day of my life is gone #fail
#Unmukt's Lawyer has misunderstood the RTE, as being Degrees & Diplomas home-delivered. @kapil_sibal
Until the bs started that bitch was lit!
@UNUnionsFFW Sending this was an insult to every suicidal abuse victim begging their govt to stop persecuting & neglecting them, NZ IS SHIT!
Up at ten and got nothing to do since you finished homework? No problem, I made another OC Haruki is here now
Update : I'm still depressed, heartbroken & hurt in real life. *Sighs* I don't where my life is going but I think I'm lost in this life. ??
UPDATE KSP : Fire intentionally set at home where 4 bodies were found... The latest
Update on my most recent tweet : I failed my physics test but what's new
Update : Parisian nightclub owners detail plans to resume business : " Nothing, nobody will prevent Paris from dancing "
Upon failure of their TV, the only suggestion by @LGBlog is a full reset? #fail
Upset is an understatement
Using religious beliefs to justify hate towards a group of people is wrong and sick
@VancityReynolds when I say " pathetic -twitter -user " u say " I will fake my own death and marry you ". PATHETIC -TWITTER -USER!
#Vegas #Wipiix Police : Victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set
Veronica has been dragged, kicked, beaten & arrested by UofC police for fighting for Black life #traumacenternow
Very low entries in this giveaway! Hop over and check it out!
@Vetoed worse than not trying at all thats why I try not to get too mad at people going mad negative cause they at least count for something
@VickaRowe2 something is very wrong with you. You need Delcos. I just ate Delcos. Go get some Delcos.
@vicnast_ I understand if someone gets upset or comes to me about it but just yelling at me & being mean like?That's gonna get you no where
@VillarealJade bitch you need to hurry up and come back home so you can meet my beau!
violence. I guess only white Americans reserve the right to protest
@ViolentItalia " No I really don't " He laughed softly
Volunteered to be shocked by students learning physics #naleo
@Vstroud66 @Noble_Jim @ScottMcCann42 the rule has been the same for years and now bcz some yahoo comments about length everyone is butt hurt
VW will fast become a toxic brand 'villain ' if the emissions scandal costs owners money
Wait for the drop.
waiting for the butt hurt conservatives to scream " radical Muslims " in my comments so I can scream back " KKK " ??
Waiting for things that may never happen is to much of a risk.
Waiting is linked to depression. Time spent waiting for something that may never happen can be mentally painful.
Waiting on class to start, thinking how this is going to be one hell of a semester?
Wake up w no voice bcs this fcking sore throat bcm worst. Btw, morning
Waking up at 5:30 to pick up my drunk dad who ran out of gas trying to drive home... Should have called before driving bruh
Waking up in the middle of the night and having trouble falling back asleep is starting to get so old.
Waking up with a sore throat is the worst
Wale wants to put an end on the butt implant craze :
Walking to class across campus, in the rain, with no umbrella, is just how I wanted my day to be... #soaked #rolltide
Wanting someone that could really careless about you
War is never the answer. Unless the question is " What's never the answer? " #OneLove
Was a Cinderella Story on tonight? Everyone seems to be distracted by a drought...? #ifyoucouldnttell
Was a very boring night tho
@washingtonpost I have an idea to deter rape, let us make a law if a man is convicted of rape/molesting a child, they have to be castrated.
@washingtonpost I live in Texas and that's not what the majority is saying at all. Washington post is a propaganda machine.
@washingtonpost The only real question is do they arrest her or not. She obviously committed  a crime
@washingtonpost we need to stop hiding under the table it's time to draw lines and dare that any third grade country cross will pay
was so close to unfollowing for putting on that nasty shit on my tl ??
Wasting so much money for this shower OMG ?? ?? ?? ??
WATCHING DEVON DANCE IS PAINFUL #whitepeopleproblems
Watching Thirteen Ghosts got me missing Matthew Lillard hard ?? ??
Watching you stand alone, all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow
Watch not anal, please
Watch the video : The oiled ass of Lisa anal sluts at XCamheaven
We all know a jealous bitch called Jessica
We are absolutely heartbroken to be writing this but Wilmer and I are devastated to inform you that we lost (cont )
We are heartbroken to learn our French comic partner @UrbanComics lost a team member during the recent attacks.
We b doin us dnt giv a fuck bout wut u doin ??
We don't have that much in common, sometimes it feels so awkward. Then I took a shower. I asked her why she didn't join me. She said you
WE DONT WANNA SET UP FOR THE KILL ??????
We have no shame when we're hungry #yr @sofiapernas @ The Grove
We interrupt your usual schedule to bring you a very small pig descending a set of stairs.
weird bc my cat is actually pregnant
Weird mentality for a guy who got a ton of money to give the team just about nothing & was then granted a buyout.
We just saw our science teacher come out of the screen we were in I hate my life
We just tried to bleach joes ball hair but apparently it's too stubborn and won't turn blonde
WE KNEW IT WAS COMING, THE MORE THEY ATTACK, THE MORE WE KNOW HES OUR MAN. TRUMP2016
We know it's going to happen every year but we're still shocked when it gets cold ?? #Winter #British #Typical ????
We lost this match bc of our shitty ass GK & the fact that we couldn't keep possession
welp, i failed the physics part.
Went to bed @ 3... alarm went off rn... wtf is wrong with me ??
We're not born winners, we're not born losers.. We are born CHOOSERS. #DobleKaraNoMercy #ShowtimeKiLigContinues
We're not the only mod toying with custom campaigns or unexpected sides in the conflict. If you're more of a
We're talking #stress this week on #9newsmornings Plenty stresses me out, but this just helped me de-stress!
we're told not to wear rapey cllothes. Not to drink too much. This whole, omg, stay in! Fuck off it's not the norm for women. It's life.
@WestSideEeez @ravynnedta @jodaaddy @vitaminn_K @BrokeBoiRome @KJaaaay_ this pic almost made me shit myself ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
we've embraced a culture where they can run tough when they're not having great days.
We would hate Dj Khaled as a Teacher ?? ?? ?? #AnotherOne (Vine by @NikeBoiSwoosh )
Whaen your moms a total Bitch #whatachild
what action will you take against those who hurt niti so much that she went away ???????
What a day, at the @HawksmoorGroup for @bazzman76 wedding and beating #mcfc 4 -1 #LFC @D4ngr_23 not happy
what a day! nothing happened and i was tired
WHAT A DAY TO KILL MY MOM AND KILL MY DAD AND BLOW DIS UP
What a shit day. Get me to the gym so I can release some of this anger and frustration.
what a shit start to the day, fuck off rude customers ??
What a shitty ass day
What dumb bitch made this? ?? ??
What goes on in my mind is contagious.
What kinda of bullshit is this. My boy got me fucked up right about now. #WhitePeopleProblems
WHAT KINDA SHIT IS THIS ?? ?? ?? ??
What makes a negative review on #Yelp any worse than a negative post on any other social media site. #Tripadvisor #Reddit #Bueller
What's the worst thing that has ever happened at your #Thanksgiving gathering? #Thanksgiving #Fail
Whatta crazy ass last night! End of summer is gonna go out with a bang!?
What the Americans failed to achieve militarily in Syria they now try to achieve in political negotiations and diplomacy.
what the fuck?! I can't wait to play tonight!
what the fuck i hate this class dude
When a bitch steady hatin juss to hate its time to switch shit up.. You mad cause I'm doing good..? #makessense #NOT #getyolife ??
When a Hoe swear she ain't Stun you But the hoe always Making it her Business to First48 & FBI watch your shit ??
When A Nigga Do A Drive By And Run Out Of Gas At The End Of The Block. ?? ?? ??
WHEN @babs_babz IS COMING HOME AND YOU CANNOT CONTAIN YOUR EXCITEMENT #REUNITED #ASSCO #YAY ??
When Centralia hasn't won a league game in over 4 years for football. ?? ?? #MaybeNextYear -Chehalis " -
whenever my brother hears the rabbit bit in my house he starts yelling at me " sERIOUSLY 2PM AGAIN U UNLOYAL "
When his new bitch ain't a Barbie ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
When hotsauce calls me pissed!
when i get jealous my eyebrow twitches
When I get mad at someone, I'm silent... because if I speak my mind, shits gonna get real.
When I get really mad my eye/eyebrow twitches a little bit aND ITS SO ANNOYING
when I have a crap load of homework, subhan allah everyone talks to me, when I have nothing, the only friend I have is my cat
When I'm bored ill smoke a zip of loud n 2days max.! Shame shame. On who ?? ??
when I'm going through something I hate when people take my silence as attitude or anger.
When I'm having a bad day, I pick up my #guitar.
When I rap, I overflow. And my swag is on overload.
When I say I don't care... I Honestly don't care ??
when i see wes catch me dropping dead so i dont have to say hi
When I stop responding, it means you aren't worth anymore of my time. It doesn't mean you win.
When I was younger, I couldn't wait to be older. This shit was not what I expected.
When #Leo is finally tired of trying, they will just leave, no fight, no argument and sometimes not even a goodbye.
When ma mum comes home she checks herself in at " Costa deal Carntyne " fuck sake man :)))
*When my name's in a math problem, class stares at me* Me : That's right bitches. I bought 60 watermelons.
when others come first and you come ladt uh uh booboo thats shit aint going slide. FOH BITCH
when people talk shit and subtweet about you
when ppl try so hard to be subtle yet they end up being obv af lel
When showing off w/o a coat all weekend goes wrong ??. I knew they were gonna send me home.
when some bitch wants to try and talk shit about u
when someone tries to hurt your feelings but you don't have any
When the dj remembers his girlfriend and the drop is coming! #Fail
When the only charger you got is the one in your car cause you can't find your sisters ?? so my ass has to sit in my car to charge my phone!
When there's no doubt anymore ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? #bestfeelingever
when the teacher gives u a book to read over break but u hate reading
When they start reminding you what's theirs, you know shit just got real.
when u get in a debate about women's rights and all the guys comeback is " whatever you stupid bitch women shouldn't have a say in anything "
when u go to school and the teacher u hate has a sub
when u had a bery sad day at work so u stand in the shower for 30 years
when u have to write an email to a teacher u hate
When we have our own room, I always go to Suho or Tao's room to slep. It's not fun to sleep alone. " - Baekhyun (EXO 1st Box )
When women go wild they kill you and drown your kids
When you accidentally delete a video you've been working on... GRRRRRRRRRR #Fail #Youtube #3rdWorldProblems #OMG
?? When you answer correctly in front of your friend.. ?? w/ no chill T #comedy #bestfeelingever
When you break up with your girlfriend and forget her and her bestfriend crazy
When you can only hit skype IPs but you make a'twitter ' scaring kids hahah @G13Lads
When you come home and there's no food ????
When you come home from practice to no food. RT if you can relate.
When you come home from school and and no food. ?? ?? ??
When you come home from working out and there's no food ??
When you come home to a empty house and there's no food, you just don't know what to do with life ?? ??
when you come home to no food in the house but your mom brings pizza ???? @vadams_qb
When you got nothing to do on Saturday :/
When you have a stupid android and it doesn't have the poop emoji. WTF!
When you have to make a " hot take " but it's too cold for anyone to be shocked.
WHEN YOU HUNGRY WAITING FOR LUNCH TIME SO YOU CAN DO DAMAGE #CRAZYREALWORLD @ Rockaway Mall
when you leave your phone at your bestfriend for a while #MTVStars The Vamps
When you leave your phone in the office to charge, this is what they do ?? ????
When you mind your own business, life is way less stressful.
When you miss your bestfriend @_thatniggaicey but he being petty
when you pass a test that was od hard. ?? and it's an A.
When you pass a test you think you failed
when you poppin and have nothing better to do
When your 6 '4 bae has to drive your car home cus you were tooooo turnt & you get in your car and can't reach the gas pedal ??
When your Bestfriend annoying you so much in class ?? ?? ??
When you realize how dumb you were for a person who could careless about you
When you're home for a week and wake up with the worst sore throat ever
When you're not there cus you don't care.
when you're on the bus and your toe is itching soooo badly and you have sneakers on. ?? ?? ?? #hownice
When you're stressed/ depressed/ pressured & tired (to the nth level ) talk to your bestfriend @MarnieOlivares ?? ??
When your father ate your mother food she had packed for work and she mad as shit yelling now
When your girlfriend gets angry, tell her to #chillbythefire
When your mom taps you and you have to exaggerate #fail #failvine #failvines #lol #omg #w... (Vine by OMG AF )
When your stupid android phone unfollows everyone on your twitter #facepalm
When you see the bestfriend of someone who dislikes you & they try to take a snap of you... Let me pose for you real quick.
When you see the girl that you curved in junior high school on FB or IG and know that you don't have a chance in hell. ??
when you see your boys girl cheating On him but you don't care cah you told him she a hoe. he didn't listen
When you sleep on your freshly washed sheets that smell bomb! #goodsleeptonight
When you so stressed you decide you don't need a boyfriend, you need a side hoe ?? ?? ?? ?? @bhorney374
When you spent all day cooking for him & he say " Who made this shit? "
When you start hanging out with @RajonRondo and the dime dropping is contagious
When you try to braid your hair and all your layers decide that's a bad idea ?? ?? ??
When you've been laying in the dark for 2 hours and this white screen comes on, ruins your life and burns your eyes
When you yelling & being serious but it's turning her on
Where are your prayers for Kenya? Fake ass WORLD ??
Where the hell is my mail!
WHICH DO YOU PREFER? RETWEET FOR LIAM'S LONG HAIR QUOTE FOR LIAM'S BUZZ CUT #MTVStars One Direction
@WhiteHouse companies will be infected with cancer sorry HIV=CANCER is a plesure died of cancer
@WhiteHouse @POTUS But you have to pass it to see what's in it, amirite? Moron, shut the fuck up.
@WhiteHouse @POTUS @Quora You R lying shit. You know U R lying and still out out your bullshit.
@WhiteHouse you dishonored us when you failed your message of change, choosing to side with the corporations over the people. #electionday
White people do dumb shit in tv shows
#WhitePeopleProblems apparently this guy was too scared to walk but not scared enough to drop his drink
Whoever said men and women can't be bestfriends clearly hasn't met us.
who give a fuck we don't care bout nun fam ??
Who got me sick?! I have the worst sore throat
who has Jonathan Kent tell supes to let kids drown to prove a point
WHO IS GRAFITTING CREEPY THINGS EVERYWHERE. ITS NOT OKAY
who needs a relationship when you have a cat " me :( i need a relationship :( i'm so lonely :( and my cat mauled me on wednesday :(
Who shop at basic ass stoes? A ) yo momma B ) your sister C ) her and her Bestfriend D ) her boyfriend
WHO VOTED DO MY HOME WORK? I hate you I'm not doing my home work
Who would have thought that picking a damn baby-shower theme for a boy would be so hard! ?? ?? ??
Who you pointing at bitch ??
@whtabtpineapple Ugh, same. I've gotten it mostly under control until something Happens then it all goes bad.
Why am I always stuck babysitting :(
Why are you having fireworks tonight, your scaring my dogs you fuckstick!
Why are you so boring
Why bother texting u if there isn't going to be a conversation going. 2 days not a conversation going whatever do ur thing.
Why can't I hug ally in the streets
why cnt the majority of white girls get their own style they either trying 2 be latinas or black wtf what happend to them pam anderson types
Why didn't someone tell him that when translated our saying is 'Button your lip '?! Ouch... that's going to hurt in the morning!
Why didn't we spend 8m on Jordan Rhodes ffs #ArsenaI
why does he look dead tho lmaoo
Why does my English teacher hate me???
Why does my stupid android keyboard keep changing words at the very last minute. Never again.
why does our tv keep messing up wtf " it's blocking out the cussing when they perform
Why does peoples follow me? That ' not creepy. Ha, I love you guys.
Why does work have to be so boring ??
Why do I always try so hard for things that will never happen?
Why do I keep waking up then falling back to sleep ??
Why do people only talk to you when they need shit?
Why in the world do people bring their loud, obnoxious children to the hospital. Leave them at home or get a sitter. Christ.
Why is century always packed on the days i work? My arm is realy starting to become numb
Why is there no crowd!? Shit la!
#WhyItMatters: Americans over 40 account for 35 percent of education debt.
Why Men Don't Fall In Love In Bed #staged
Why not enjoy a takeaway if you're having dinner guests? We won't tell them that you didn't cook it! #takeaway
Why should Les Miles solely be blamed for the losses of the team? It's not right. Miles being fired is undeserved.
Why they talk shit too.. Thought we was closer homie.. Where tf was you at.. In the coldest moments
Why wait to live life if you only live once? there are some rules meant to be broken #Rebel #FreeSpirit #ScrewSafe
Why would you rob the SALVATION ARMY?
Wife of man accused of trying to drown their kids arrested
@wildfIowerz @danisnotonfire that sounded really sarcastic
Will Adele ever stop going on about here boyfriend breakups #omg
@willfulsub and acts of hate against Muslims. Even I Canada. Makes me sick to my stomach.
Will Obama attack Syria?Will Lil Wayne ever drop Dedication 5?Will Miley Cyrus ever stop twerking?Find out next time on Dragonball Z
@WillowsMomma_ I'm not on any government assistance and sometimes I have to go groceries JUST for Willow. This bitch gets her fridge full
@willrennie37 I feel bad for those kids
@willstue she's a bitch
@WINDEERLUST I PRESSED THE WRONG ONE WTF
@WingsScotland made my blood run cold so shocked by that Islamist scumbags? WTF Totally irresponsible broadcasting Flaming the fire of hate
@witchycuntt i dont have to say shit. i aint ya man lol
With all the drive in the world, swear you still need gas
Woke up from the worst nightmare of my life ??
woke up with a horrible cough and the worst sore throat ever.
Woman raped by #Rikers correction officer for 20 min. while another CO watched #ShutDownRikers
Women do the most outrageous things when they catch their men cheating it's mental.
Wonder how Grizzlies fans will react to Chalmers being sent there. He devastated sports fans in Memphis not long ago
Wonder if my results are at home.. Shame im not there. #lol
Wonder if these people singing the wrong lyrics on the AMAs will feel dumb when they see themselves on tv ?
?? woobielou : vladtheimpalainvalhalla : bugtears : modmad : We interrupt your usual schedule to bring you a
Woodlawn 16 class on my dick ?? fuck you niggas & bitches. Wait Til I graduate to talk shit
Words can hurt. People need to watch what they say on social media #fresheyes
Working 2 jobs and going to school THATS why I don't have time for " this shit "
Worksop 1981 - A drive through the town Note the gas van accident at 12:55. What the heck happened there?!
@wormsteingmcrz i'm blaming you if i get arrested for fighting
Worst decision I've ever made! #myparentsarerealwinners
Worst nightmare I ever had in my life
Worst part about being sick is a sore throat
WORST PART ABOUT TATTOOS IS THE ITCHING AND PEELING. Ughhhhhhh
Worst possible thing is when you have a cold sore right by your eye ??
worst sore throat ????
Worst thing about being sick is the sore nose from the tissues
Worst thing about this season is how dry and sore my lips get ????
Would be a shame if you kept talking that shit and your job found out you still smoke pot
Would you swear that you'll always be mine? Would you lie? Would you run and hide? Am I in too deep? Have I lost my mind?
Wow... im really sick and was holding my breath... hard to breathe now! #IntoTheBadlands!
@WSJ @greta Its called " Liquid Evil " aka: alcohol. When too much is consumed, it makes people act in ways they wouldn't if sober.
@WSJ He is a criminal, if the West really meant what they say on paper, he need to be try.
@WSJ The world is encountering some serious weather all over... all at the same time...
Wtf be wrong with bitches weave ??
Wtf do u get ur mom for mothers day when she deserves a mansion over looking the ocean in Fiji but u have $3. 00 in ur checking account?
Wtf i literally hate my Spanish teacher ??
Wtf is on Nicki's butt? ??
Wtf is this guy doing " dry humping Selena " @selenagomez ?? ??
WTF IS WRONG HERE?
Wtf is wrong with HHS and this coffee rule I paid money for that coffee I'm not gonna throw it away
wtf is wrong with me
WTF IS WRONG WITH ME #MTVSTARS 5 Seconds of Summer
WTF is wrong with me since 5:30 am I only ate 1/2 piece of cupcake and 1/4 (pernell's meal?)
WTF IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE!
WTF is wrong with these people writing the news?
wtf is wrong with this man
WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS SPENCER? WTF?
wtf is wrong with u guys
wtf is wrong with zayn stans right now
Wtf is wrong w this bitch
Wtf is young thug saying in his songs #wtf #not #hiphop
Wtf my sister used all the makeup remover cloths and she doesn't even use makeup.
Wtf with Venus ' " I feel American " comment? Oh, right, cuz you've NEVER gotten any support before
wtf wrong with my leg bruh ???
@xoxoCorinne but Alex looks nothing like Oliver IMO
@XSLoungeri Providence tonight. Friday's are always packed so get there early and avoid the line! See you tonight!
@x_vins awooo I'm shitting it. Reply to my whatsapp babe #rejected
@x_x_aileen_x_x I'm just annoyed I'm losing sleep over this dickwad. I'm not team Kimmel
Ya bestfriend stay in drama and always drag you in it for back up see how they react when you don't come to back up ??
Y'all be knowing the person could careless about you and still be trying
Y'all be too impatient for a relationship, marriage, etc... but haven't got a chance to live life!
y'all don't care
yall ever got that one mutual ur really intimidated by
Y'all not gone see this shit coming ????
yall on national TV dry humping and shit
Y'all swear everything is a relationship goal. Stfu
@YankeesPR : One more from pregame... the Captains have a chat (Jeter and Christie ):
Yea bitch I'm official tell the ref blow da whistle
@__yelena__ you hit the nail on the head with this shit ??
Yesterday I ate too many cinnamon candies and actually burned my tongue a bit. It felt weird all day! Guess what I'm eating right now.
Yet another disgusting " Christian " cover up. This time from the Hillsong happy-clappies. via @smh
Yet another shitty day to add to this shitty year.
Yet he did nothing when there was ACTUAL anti-semetic, anti -Black and anti -Mexican hate crimes in '11 -12
yg needs my prayers bc i don't want him to lose his sanity and for my babies to come back to me.
Yhh im gonna take up #kickboxing release some pent up frustration
Yoga class cancelled over cultural appropriation concerns. By this standard no one should learn a foreign language!
Yo guys this is not so good because my iPod died ?? ??
Yo I've got the worst sore throat and cough ever ??
yooo @nuggets I would kill to go to the game tomorrow night, anyway you can make that happen?
yo someone screenshot her tweet i have a stupid android ://
You ain't never jumped out the water you used to swimming that means you never jumped off the porch, no type of sports
You are in a stressful frame of mind today and things that are... More for Taurus
You are missing from me. ?? #deepthought #sleeplessnights
You called trans people " sick mental patients ".. that's preaching hate ?? #TransLivesMatter #TransIsBeautiful
You can suffer the pain of change, or suffer remaining the way you are. #DeepThought
You can't be subtle with niggas because they don't take hints well. You damn near gotta throw the pussy on their noses.
You cant keep these kids off the internet.. Its their world. " damn right
You can't teach an old dog new tricks. You can't teach a cat anything, ever.
You don't love being late. You hate being Earlier ?? ??
You don't need a doctor when you are stressed All you need is a journey -Takdos - [pic ] —
you guys I'm up past my bedtime and I don't even care! I mean total #rebel am I right? ??????
You guys no awkward Taylor dancing ?? ?? ?? ??
You jogging ah? No la i dancing *started dancing *
You know it's gonna be a log day when breakfast goes wrong. GET ME OUT OF THIS PLACE!
You know whats funny... Its 4:30pm and I still havent started this assignment, oh wellllllll. Weird to think this is my last assignment ever
you listened that's all I needed Now you and ya ugly kids can drown in a lake ??
You'll never meet The Great Jester, but if you do, you won't know it's him.
You mean to tell me I have to pay the school to let me wear sweat pants... we will see about that
you must be really hurt
You're a bitch You're a b You're a You're You Yo Y You You're You're a You're a bi You're a bitch Oh, you're still a bitch
You’re going to be angry that Apple is getting rid of the iPhone headphone jack. But here’s why you'll still buy it
You're not interested in defending your feelings against attac... More for Aquarius
your life is fucked if your biggest concerns are relationship goals rn
Your life seems to grow crazier today, as if everything hasn't... More for Aries
Your sapiosexual girlfriend gets angry when you cannot recite the periodic table before you eat
you say you don't care but you can see the hurt in your eyes
You shouldn't have never doubted me Ima work til my last breath
You shouldn't never doubted me!
You should sleep but when you're sleep I'm bored lmfaoooo
You should write a fucking book on how to destroy a tv show dumb cunts @WalkingDead_AMC
You think I'm afraid of ISIS? Bitch I'm from Detroit! " I mean I'm really from #Woonsocket but that made my day! #UndateableLive
@YouTube'S apparently lost their fucking minds. They have to be TRYING to be this stupid.
@YouTube This documentary is less than 20 years old but poor technical quality. A bad copy?
@youtube this song makes me sad and makes me think of someone
@YouTube You guys suck at running your own website. Get a fucking clue
You will get back what you give #not stressing me out
You with the long quiet sighs when you're having a bad day.
you won't ever catch me losing sleep over someone I don't even wake up to ??
You would piss me off before my game. #thanks
you would rather fuck with a little junkie ass bitch while i am here waiting for you to get out of jail wtf is wrong with these mfs i swear
Yu and I'm not feeling good this morning! ????
@Zendaya @ZendayasDaily_ my message was in this video I'm shook
@ZonZonStacks girlll no one got time for yelling i was taking in some box of cloths i order online ?? ??
@zr9eUhaw no, not yet. But plan to do my home work on both before I sign any contract/papers etc.
